A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	negative
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	negative
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	positive
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.	positive
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	positive
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	positive
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	negative
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	negative
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	positive
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	negative
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	negative
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	positive
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	negative
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	positive
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	negative
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	negative
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	positive
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	positive
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	positive
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	negative
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	negative
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	negative
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	negative
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.	negative
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	negative
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	positive
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.	positive
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	negative
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	positive
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	positive
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	negative
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	negative
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	negative
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.	positive
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	negative
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	positive
