A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	positive
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	negative
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	positive
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	positive
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	positive
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	positive
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	positive
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	positive
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	positive
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	positive
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	negative
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	negative
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	negative
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	positive
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	positive
