- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.	negative
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	negative
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	positive
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	negative
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	positive
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	negative
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	negative
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	negative
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	negative
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	negative
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	negative
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.	negative
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	negative
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	negative
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	negative
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.	negative
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	negative
Tasty but expensive.	negative
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.	negative
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	negative
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	negative
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	negative
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	negative
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	positive
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	negative
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	negative
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	positive
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	positive
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	positive
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	positive
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	negative
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	negative
