A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	positive
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	negative
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	negative
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	negative
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.	negative
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	negative
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	positive
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	positive
Great food but the service was dreadful!	negative
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	negative
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.	positive
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	negative
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	negative
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	positive
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	negative
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	positive
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	negative
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	negative
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	positive
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	negative
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	negative
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	negative
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	negative
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	negative
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	negative
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	negative
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	negative
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	negative
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	positive
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	positive
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	negative
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	positive
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	negative
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.	negative
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	negative
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	negative
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	positive
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	negative
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	negative
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	negative
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	negative
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	negative
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.	negative
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	negative
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	negative
