The design and atmosphere is just as good.	positive
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.	negative
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	positive
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.	negative
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	positive
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	positive
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	positive
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.	positive
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	positive
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	positive
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.	positive
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.	positive
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.	positive
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	negative
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	positive
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	positive
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.	negative
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.	positive
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.	positive
Looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).	negative
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	positive
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.	positive
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.	positive
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	positive
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	positive
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	negative
I love the atmorphere @ peep!	positive
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.	negative
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	positive
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	negative
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	positive
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.	positive
Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.	neutral
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.	positive
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	positive
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.	positive
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	positive
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	negative
Not pretentious and very economical.	positive
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.	negative
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	positive
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.	neutral
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	positive
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.	positive
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	positive
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.	neutral
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.	positive
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!	positive
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	positive
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.	negative
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	positive
The setting is casual and romantic.	positive
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	positive
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	negative
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	neutral
Its not the same if you have to sit inside.	neutral
Great people watching as others do the same to you.	positive
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	negative
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.	negative
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	positive
Big and gawky on the outside.	negative
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	positive
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.	negative
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	negative
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.	positive
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	negative
I love this cozy around the way Rest.	positive
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.	negative
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	positive
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	positive
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).	neutral
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	positive
Check out the secret back room.	positive
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...	positive
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	positive
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	negative
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	positive
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	negative
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.	positive
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	positive
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	positive
Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....	neutral
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	positive
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.	negative
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.	positive
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	negative
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	positive
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.	negative
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.	positive
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	positive
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.	positive
Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.	negative
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	negative
It's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.	neutral
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.	positive
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.	positive
Located at the end of a magnificent block.	positive
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	positive
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.	positive
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	positive
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	positive
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	negative
Don't waste money on decor.	positive
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	positive
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	negative
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	positive
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	positive
The place was quiet and delightful.	positive
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.	positive
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	negative
The atmosphere is great!!!	positive
It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.	positive
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	neutral
Filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.	negative
It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.	positive
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	positive
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.	negative
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	negative
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	positive
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.	positive
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.	positive
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	positive
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.	positive
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.	neutral
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.	positive
This place is incredibly tiny.	negative
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.	positive
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	positive
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.	negative
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.	negative
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	positive
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	positive
The ceiling is amazing!	positive
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	negative
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.	positive
Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.	negative
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	negative
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.	positive
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs, so be aware.	negative
Too cold to enjoy.	negative
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	negative
Chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.	positive
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.	neutral
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.	positive
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.	positive
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.	positive
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.	positive
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	negative
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	positive
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.	positive
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.	positive
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	positive
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.	positive
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.	neutral
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	negative
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.	negative
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	positive
The location is perfect.	positive
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	positive
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...	positive
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.	positive
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	positive
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	positive
Very affordable and excellent ambient!	positive
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.	positive
Why do people rave about the ambience.	negative
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	positive
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	positive
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).	positive
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	positive
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.	positive
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	positive
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	positive
Great vibe, lots of people.	positive
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.	negative
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	positive
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	positive
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	positive
Romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).	positive
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	positive
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.	negative
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!	positive
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	positive
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.	positive
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.	positive
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.	negative
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	positive
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village, but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris.	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	positive
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	positive
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.	negative
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	positive
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	negative
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.	positive
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.	negative
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.	positive
The place was nice and calm.	positive
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.	negative
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.	neutral
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	positive
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.	neutral
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited.	neutral
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	negative
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS.	positive
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.	positive
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	positive
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.	positive
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.	negative
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	positive
Really cool stauff inside.	positive
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	positive
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	positive
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?	negative
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.	positive
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	negative
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.	positive
It's a small cute restaurant.	positive
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	positive
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.	negative
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.	neutral
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	positive
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.	positive
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.	positive
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	positive
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	negative
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	positive
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...	negative
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	positive
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.	positive
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	positive
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	positive
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	positive
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.	negative
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	positive
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	positive
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.	positive
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	positive
Zero ambiance to boot.	negative
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.	negative
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	positive
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.	positive
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	positive
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	positive
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.	positive
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	negative
I LOVED THE SHOWS.	positive
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.	negative
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.	positive
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	positive
I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.	negative
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.	positive
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	negative
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.	positive
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	negative
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	negative
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	positive
It's true, you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas.	neutral
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.	positive
Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.	positive
And I could do without the cigar smoke.	negative
The ambience is very calm and quiet.	positive
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	positive
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	negative
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	positive
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	negative
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.	positive
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.	negative
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.	positive
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	positive
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	positive
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.	negative
Cute and decorative.	positive
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.	negative
Sure, the setting is nice.	positive
Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.	positive
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	positive
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	negative
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	positive
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.	positive
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.	positive
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.	positive
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	positive
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.	positive
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	positive
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	positive
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	positive
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.	positive
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	positive
ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).	neutral
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	positive
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).	positive
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	positive
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek).	positive
Anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.	positive
PERFECT FOR DATES!	positive
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	positive
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	positive
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	positive
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.	neutral
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	positive
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	positive
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.	positive
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.	positive
Decor leaves something to be desired.	negative
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	positive
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.	positive
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	positive
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	negative
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris.	positive
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	positive
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	positive
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).	positive
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.	positive
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	positive
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.	negative
I care more about the food and ambience.	neutral
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	positive
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.	positive
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	negative
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.	neutral
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	negative
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	positive
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	positive
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	negative
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	negative
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	positive
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	positive
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.	positive
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.	positive
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.	negative
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.	positive
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	negative
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!	negative
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!	positive
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	negative
Great food, great decor, great service.	positive
There was no ambiance.	negative
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	neutral
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.	positive
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	positive
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.	positive
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.	positive
Indoor was very cozy and cute.	positive
The service is good and the resturant is clean.	positive
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	positive
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	positive
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers, right off of Pell St (barber's alley) in Chinatown.	negative
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	positive
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!	positive
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	negative
It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.	negative
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.	positive
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.	neutral
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	positive
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	positive
Decor is charming.	positive
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	positive
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	negative
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.	positive
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.	positive
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	positive
And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.	negative
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	positive
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	positive
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.	negative
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	negative
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	negative
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	negative
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	positive
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.	positive
This place is always very crowded and popular.	positive
When you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.	positive
Interior was so so.	negative
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	positive
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.	positive
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.	positive
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	positive
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.	positive
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	positive
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!	positive
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	positive
Stay away if you're claustrophobic	negative
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	negative
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.	positive
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.	positive
The design is very intimate and romantic.	positive
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.	positive
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.	positive
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.	positive
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.	positive
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.	negative
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.	neutral
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.	neutral
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.	positive
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.	negative
I can't stand this dungeon.	negative
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.	positive
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.	positive
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	positive
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	positive
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!	negative
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	positive
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	positive
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!	positive
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	negative
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.	positive
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	positive
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	positive
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.	positive
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.	positive
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.	positive
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...	positive
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	positive
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	positive
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.	positive
There's candlelight and music.	neutral
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.	positive
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	positive
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	positive
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	negative
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.	positive
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	positive
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!	negative
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.	positive
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.	positive
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.	positive
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.	negative
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	positive
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	positive
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	negative
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.	positive
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	positive
The space is traditional in feel.	neutral
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	negative
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.	positive
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.	negative
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.	positive
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.	positive
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.	positive
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.	neutral
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.	negative
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.	positive
Dug the blue bar area too.	positive
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.	negative
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.	negative
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	positive
Atmosphere is a bore.	negative
The decor is what initially got me in the door.	positive
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!	positive
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.	positive
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!	positive
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	positive
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.	positive
The restaurant was quiet and intimate.	positive
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.	positive
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	positive
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.	positive
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.	negative
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?	negative
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	positive
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	positive
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.	positive
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.	neutral
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.	positive
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.	positive
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?	neutral
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.	negative
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.	positive
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.	positive
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.	positive
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.	positive
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.	negative
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.	positive
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.	neutral
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.	positive
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.	positive
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.	positive
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.	positive
