To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.	positive
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.	positive
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!	positive
He can't help, they're bought up so fast.	neutral
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.	neutral
We were very disappointed.	negative
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.	positive
I really liked this place.	positive
I will be going back very soon.	positive
Will not be back.	negative
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	positive
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.	positive
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.	neutral
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.	neutral
You'll adore it.	positive
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.	negative
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.	positive
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.	neutral
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.	positive
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	positive
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!	positive
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	positive
Not what I wanted to hear.	negative
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	positive
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.	negative
Can't wait to go back.	positive
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.	neutral
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.	positive
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	positive
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.	positive
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	negative
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.	positive
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.	positive
I heartily recommend.	positive
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.	positive
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!	positive
This place is so much fun.	positive
I was glad I did.	positive
I'll be back soon.	positive
Went inside and I started to get excited.	positive
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.	positive
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.	positive
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.	negative
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.	positive
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.	positive
but overall i give it a 10	positive
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.	positive
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.	negative
I was there on sat.	neutral
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	positive
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.	positive
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	negative
The entire dining experience was wonderful!	positive
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	positive
What more can you ask for?	positive
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.	neutral
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.	negative
I look forward to eating here again	positive
I know because I live nearby.	neutral
My entire family was horrified.	negative
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.	neutral
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.	positive
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.	negative
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	positive
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.	neutral
Check it out	positive
Don't go.	negative
But they do.	neutral
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).	neutral
Suan has challenged this loyalty.	neutral
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.	neutral
Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).	neutral
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.	neutral
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.	positive
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.	positive
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.	positive
Enjoy!	positive
We weren't!	neutral
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.	positive
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).	neutral
It could have been handled better.	negative
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!	neutral
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.	neutral
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.	neutral
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.	positive
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	neutral
We were very pleasantly surprised.	positive
I will never visit this restaurant again.	negative
(or sister, in my case!).	neutral
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.	neutral
Don't go there!	negative
Good luck getting a table.	negative
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.	neutral
Don't look down your nose at me like that...	negative
Planet Thai is great!	positive
Just don't do it.	negative
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.	negative
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.	neutral
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.	positive
Finally!	positive
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.	neutral
You will not be disapointed at all.	positive
Walk-ins are risky too.	negative
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	positive
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)	positive
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	positive
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	negative
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.	negative
I would highly recommend.	positive
This place is great.	positive
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!	positive
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.	negative
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.	negative
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.	neutral
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.	positive
We visit at least once a month.	neutral
I'll keep this short.	neutral
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.	neutral
However, it's not worth a special trip.	negative
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.	positive
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	positive
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.	negative
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.	positive
Sexy.	positive
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.	positive
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	positive
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.	positive
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.	neutral
despite the untasteful previous review...	neutral
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.	positive
Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.	neutral
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.	positive
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.	neutral
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.	neutral
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.	neutral
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.	negative
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.	positive
We will go back every time we are in the City.	positive
we love th pink pony.	positive
So eat fast and order a lot.	neutral
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.	neutral
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons	neutral
If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.	positive
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.	neutral
If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.	neutral
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.	positive
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.	positive
You can't go wrong with this place.	positive
Authentic bistro!	positive
Being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz's Deli.	neutral
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.	positive
It's convenient.	positive
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.	positive
Oh right, I should probably say something nice.	neutral
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.	negative
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.	negative
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.	neutral
David, Daytona Beach, FL	neutral
Perhaps.	neutral
Go here.	positive
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.	positive
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.	positive
What a great place.	positive
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.	negative
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.	positive
By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.	neutral
Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.	neutral
I have been twice to this restaurant.	neutral
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.	negative
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.	positive
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.	positive
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.	positive
Fantastic place.	positive
Definitely not a restaurant to skip!	positive
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.	positive
You can do it here.	neutral
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.	positive
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.	neutral
It hits the spot every time	positive
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.	negative
and there's no way out.	neutral
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	neutral
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.	neutral
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.	negative
It's simply the best meal in NYC.	positive
Probably would not go again...	negative
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.	neutral
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).	positive
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.	positive
IT WAS HORRIBLE.	negative
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.	positive
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.	neutral
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	negative
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!	positive
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....	positive
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.	negative
I'm going back.	positive
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.	neutral
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.	positive
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.	positive
Me and my girls will definitely go back.	positive
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.	neutral
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.	positive
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	positive
This place was not ALL THAT!	negative
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.	neutral
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.	positive
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.	neutral
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.	positive
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.	negative
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!	positive
This is the best thing in Soho.	positive
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.	positive
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	positive
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.	neutral
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.	neutral
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	negative
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.	negative
Wonderful at holiday time.	positive
The place is a lot of fun.	positive
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	positive
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.	positive
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.	positive
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!	positive
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.	neutral
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.	positive
during happy hour!	neutral
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.	positive
Love YUKA.	positive
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.	positive
I am bringing my whole family back next time.	positive
A guaranteeed delight!	positive
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.	neutral
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.	positive
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.	negative
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.	neutral
Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.	neutral
Besides, we were on vacation!	neutral
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.	positive
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!	negative
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.	positive
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.	positive
Definately check it out!!!	positive
We will be back.	positive
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.	positive
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	positive
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.	positive
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.	neutral
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!	positive
You cannot go wrong with this place.	positive
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	positive
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.	neutral
I've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.	neutral
Go inside and you won't want to leave.	positive
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.	positive
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.	positive
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.	positive
I would go back tho.	positive
A pleasant surprise.	positive
We got most of it back at home with us.	neutral
Get there before 7pm.	neutral
if this happens, just ask for real naan.	neutral
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.	positive
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.	neutral
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.	positive
We left, never to return.	negative
No apologies during restaurant week.	negative
They also do a great job for restaurant week.	positive
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.	neutral
This is where the aforementioned line was.	neutral
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.	positive
i dont how this place is still running.	negative
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.	neutral
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.	negative
Excellent experience.	positive
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.	positive
What more could you want?	positive
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.	positive
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.	positive
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.	neutral
I'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.	positive
What a great place!	positive
Was surprisingly disappointed.	negative
I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.	neutral
I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.	neutral
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.	positive
Great find!!!	positive
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!	positive
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.	negative
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.	positive
I definitely wouldn't go back.	negative
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.	positive
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.	neutral
A hearty two thumbs up!	positive
All pretty good.	positive
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.	positive
you guys rock.	positive
Chance is a joke.	negative
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	positive
I was at Rao's last Wed.	neutral
Tends to turn people away.	negative
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.	neutral
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.	positive
Went there for an office lunch.	neutral
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!	positive
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!	negative
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.	negative
I never had anything I didn't like here.	positive
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	positive
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.	negative
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!	negative
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.	neutral
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	positive
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.	positive
Love Pizza 33..	positive
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.	positive
Less = More in their case.	positive
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.	negative
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.	negative
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.	positive
Ciao Bella	neutral
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.	positive
I absolutely Loved this place.	positive
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!	positive
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.	negative
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.	positive
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	negative
Keep up the good work guys!	positive
Hurley's is terrific!	positive
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening.	neutral
Really.	neutral
Our friends have not arrived yet.	neutral
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.	positive
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	positive
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.	neutral
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!	negative
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.	neutral
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!	positive
I absolutely love this place!!!	positive
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.	negative
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.	neutral
No thanks!!!	negative
I would definently recommend this restaurant.	positive
I lOVE THIS PLACE!	positive
A big disappointment, all around.	negative
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	positive
Definitely Highly NOT recommended.	negative
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.	neutral
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!	positive
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	neutral
I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.	neutral
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.	neutral
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.	neutral
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	positive
I pray it stays open forever.	positive
This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right.	neutral
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.	negative
What for?	neutral
Fantastic!	positive
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.	positive
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.	positive
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.	positive
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.	negative
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!	negative
Molto bene!	positive
They are amazing!	positive
Avoid this place!	negative
A must try!	positive
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	negative
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.	positive
Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.	negative
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.	neutral
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.	positive
We will definitely go back.	positive
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.	positive
Is just the way it was in days gone by.	neutral
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.	positive
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.	positive
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	neutral
Just go and see for yourself.	neutral
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.	neutral
I hate this.	negative
That place was awesome,,,  sally !	positive
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!	positive
get over it!	neutral
However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.	positive
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.	positive
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	positive
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.	negative
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	negative
They are located in the middle of Chinatown!	neutral
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.	positive
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.	positive
Check it out.	positive
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	positive
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I	positive
GO HERE.	positive
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.	neutral
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .	positive
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?	neutral
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.	neutral
I loved it and will be back soon.	positive
This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.	neutral
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,	neutral
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.	neutral
JUST AWSOME.	positive
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!	positive
This is one of our all-time favorite.	positive
this place is amazingly bad.	negative
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.	positive
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.	negative
I love this place.	positive
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.	negative
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.	neutral
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.	negative
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.	neutral
What's the difference between the two?	neutral
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!	positive
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	positive
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.	negative
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.	neutral
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.	positive
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.	neutral
Will never be back.	negative
I highly recommend it.	positive
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.	neutral
My six year old loved it.	positive
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.	neutral
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.	positive
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.	negative
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.	neutral
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.	positive
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.	positive
hmmm.	neutral
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.	neutral
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.	negative
I haven't been to the other locations.	neutral
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.	neutral
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.	positive
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.	positive
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.	positive
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street.	positive
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.	positive
But I'd go back	positive
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).	neutral
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.	positive
Everything about this restaurant was special.	positive
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.	neutral
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.	neutral
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.	positive
I don't think I would go again.	negative
We were a group of 8 and well seved.	neutral
And that's no mean feat...	neutral
I often go there to eat with my family.	neutral
I wish they would change back to what it was before.	negative
NO PIZZA 33 for me!	negative
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.	neutral
I noted it was crossed off on the bill.	neutral
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.	negative
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	positive
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	positive
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.	neutral
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.	neutral
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.	positive
first it took us a long time to find the place.	negative
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.	positive
I am a die hard peep lover.	positive
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.	negative
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.	positive
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.	positive
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).	positive
My roommate and I LOVE this place.	positive
Not worth it.	negative
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.	neutral
This was on a Tuesday night.	neutral
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).	negative
Don't waste your time, or money!!	negative
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	negative
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.	negative
This was a great surprise.	positive
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.	neutral
It was wonderful.	positive
Went for a late weekday lunch.	neutral
I just don't understand all the hype...	negative
I don't get it either.	negative
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.	neutral
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.	positive
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.	positive
I for one will never patronize them again.	negative
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.	positive
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.	neutral
So, again, give it a try.	positive
Stay far away from this place.	negative
We will come back!!!	positive
We'd go back again	positive
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.	positive
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.	neutral
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.	neutral
Once for dinner and once for brunch.	neutral
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.	positive
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.	positive
I only have friends.	neutral
Please save yourself the frustration.	negative
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	neutral
We were on our way back to NJ, and since I am in NY, we figured why not grab some food?	neutral
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.	neutral
I was pleasantly suprised.	positive
One less manhattanite the better.	neutral
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.	neutral
Look elsewhere.	negative
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.	negative
Everyone I bring here always loves it.	positive
Worth a visit.	positive
A real dissapointment.	negative
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.	neutral
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.	positive
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!	positive
Would definitely visit again.	positive
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!	positive
so i thought why not change it up a bit.	neutral
P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.	neutral
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.	neutral
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.	positive
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	neutral
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.	negative
I went there with my friend last saturday.	neutral
Just an odd group.	neutral
I love this place!	positive
it is not consistent.	negative
Was there Friday night.	neutral
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.	neutral
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	negative
I recommend it!	positive
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.	positive
enough said!	neutral
I don't live in NY but my best friend does.	neutral
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	positive
After the review I treked into Brooklyn.	neutral
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	negative
Recommendations, of course, are required!	neutral
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.	neutral
Yeah, it's that good.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	positive
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.	positive
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.	positive
I have been going back again and again.	positive
Overall, excellent restaurant!	positive
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	negative
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!	positive
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.	positive
But too far east!	negative
Satisfying.	positive
Highly Highly Highly recommended!	positive
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.	neutral
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.	positive
now if they could only get a toaster.	negative
You will find yourself returning quite often.	positive
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.	negative
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	neutral
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.	positive
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.	negative
I go twice a month!	neutral
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.	negative
A million better places to go in the city.	negative
I love it.	positive
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.	positive
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	negative
Its located in greenewich village.	neutral
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.	negative
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.	neutral
We would return to this place again!	positive
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	positive
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	neutral
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.	positive
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.	positive
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.	positive
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	positive
I agree.	neutral
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	negative
It just wasn't Thai.	negative
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	positive
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.	positive
Recommended.	positive
I think locals rate this place so high.	neutral
Go girls!!!	positive
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.	neutral
Old school meets New world.	neutral
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	positive
This is probably one of my new favorite places.	positive
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.	negative
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.	neutral
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.	neutral
This restaurant is such a great place.	positive
I've been several times and am totally smitten.	positive
Terrible experience.	negative
I love the place.	positive
Will have to return to try the chocolate!	neutral
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.	neutral
this one is definintely my least favorite.	negative
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.	neutral
Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.	positive
We were not disappointed.	positive
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	neutral
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!	negative
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.	neutral
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.	neutral
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.	neutral
Never fails to please.	positive
Will absolutely visit again.	positive
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	positive
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.	positive
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!	positive
Went to Village last night for my birthday.	neutral
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	neutral
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.	neutral
Would NEVER go back there.	negative
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.	neutral
Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!	neutral
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).	negative
Bring your appetites.	neutral
Seriously, this place kicks ass.	positive
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.	positive
I've been here twice now.	neutral
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.	positive
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.	negative
I will be returning.	positive
Nice place though.	positive
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!	positive
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.	neutral
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	neutral
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.	positive
But WARNING: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.	negative
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.	positive
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.	positive
So sorry I can't rate this better.	neutral
Buon appetito!	positive
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.	positive
Ok, for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.	neutral
I would highly recommend it.	positive
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	positive
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.	positive
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.	neutral
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.	positive
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...	neutral
Went last Thursday.	neutral
I love this place more and more everytime i go.	positive
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.	positive
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.	positive
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	neutral
We went to Ino for Valentines.	neutral
He always says, I don't have customers.	neutral
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.	neutral
Good for dates or with friends.	positive
We had a good time.	positive
Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.	neutral
Came looking for this place because I heard good things.	neutral
I live on the street this place is on.	neutral
Horrible.	negative
Its worth the wait though.	positive
What an amazing meal and experience!	positive
Nothing special about this place.	neutral
and never strayed.	positive
Leave the kids at home!	neutral
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	negative
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.	neutral
Big thumbs up!	positive
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.	neutral
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.	neutral
That's why you have to pay more for that.	neutral
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	neutral
I loved it.	positive
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.	neutral
but I wouldn't wanna live there.	neutral
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!	neutral
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.	positive
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.	positive
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.	neutral
I would highly recommend this place!	positive
Thank You Emilio.	positive
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.	positive
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.	positive
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.	positive
Worth the trip from Manhattan.	positive
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	positive
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	negative
I can't wait for the nex time.	positive
Great neighborhood joint.	positive
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.	neutral
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.	positive
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.	negative
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.	positive
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	positive
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.	neutral
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.	positive
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	neutral
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.	neutral
I LOVED THE SHOWS.	positive
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.	neutral
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	positive
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.	neutral
Give it a try and enjoy.	positive
...and that's saying a lot.	neutral
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.	negative
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.	positive
Going to Ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!	positive
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.	positive
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!	positive
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.	positive
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.	positive
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.	neutral
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.	positive
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.	negative
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	neutral
Unbelievable.	positive
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
I've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.	neutral
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.	positive
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	positive
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	positive
This restaurant was way overhyped.	negative
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	negative
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.	positive
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.	positive
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.	negative
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.	positive
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.	neutral
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.	negative
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.	positive
In fact, you can't miss it.	positive
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.	positive
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.	neutral
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.	neutral
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?	negative
I'd definitely recommend this little place.	positive
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.	positive
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.	positive
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!	positive
Get it together.	negative
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	positive
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	positive
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	negative
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	negative
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.	positive
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!	positive
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.	negative
Enjoy!!!	positive
Kudos to Po!	positive
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended.	neutral
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.	neutral
Never again!	negative
For Park avenue I expected so much more.	negative
So rude.	negative
There are much better places in NY with better prices.	negative
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	positive
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	positive
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	positive
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.	neutral
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.	positive
I plan on stopping by next week as well.	positive
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.	positive
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	positive
Highly recommended to all!	positive
highly recommended.	positive
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	negative
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.	positive
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.	positive
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.	negative
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.	neutral
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	positive
This is a fun restaurant to go to.	positive
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.	neutral
Bravissimo !!	positive
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!	positive
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!	positive
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	positive
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.	positive
This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.	neutral
It's to die for!	positive
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	negative
I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.	neutral
You will be satisfied.	positive
Another great place to take out-of-towners!	positive
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.	neutral
We were less than impressed.	negative
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	negative
but still my date was bad	negative
Would definitely go back again.	positive
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.	positive
Overall a worthwhile experience.	positive
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.	neutral
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!	positive
I had a great experience.	positive
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.	positive
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.	positive
Go for it!	positive
Highly recommended.	positive
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.	positive
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	neutral
To speak of the Park Side, words can not describe.	neutral
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	positive
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.	neutral
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).	positive
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.	positive
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	neutral
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.	positive
Not a great place for family or general dining.	negative
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.	neutral
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.	neutral
I was wrong.	negative
No plans to return anytime soon.	negative
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.	positive
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.	negative
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.	positive
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.	neutral
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.	negative
I can't wait to go back.	positive
I HATE HATE HATE this place.	negative
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	positive
Wonderful!	positive
Go hungry and enjoy.	positive
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.	neutral
This place is worth an one-hour drive.	positive
All I can say is WOW!	positive
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.	positive
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	negative
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	negative
wont come back again for sure!	negative
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.	neutral
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	negative
Bon appettite!!	positive
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.	positive
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.	positive
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	negative
It is simply amazing.	positive
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.	neutral
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.	negative
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.	neutral
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.	negative
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	positive
Bravo, Blue Hill!	positive
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.	positive
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.	neutral
This place is to be avoided.	negative
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.	negative
At 6:30, we were the third party there.	neutral
I will definetly be going back.	positive
No, really.	neutral
I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.	neutral
I'm saving up for my next visit.	positive
Amma is nothing special.	negative
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	neutral
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.	neutral
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!	positive
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.	positive
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.	neutral
Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.	neutral
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!	positive
from an English speaking staff.	neutral
A defitely must visit.	positive
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	neutral
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.	neutral
great experience overall.	positive
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	negative
(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.	neutral
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	positive
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	negative
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	neutral
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.	neutral
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	positive
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.	neutral
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.	positive
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.	positive
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	positive
I definitely will go back.	positive
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.	neutral
I've never been disappointed.	positive
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.	neutral
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.	positive
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.	positive
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.	positive
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.	neutral
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.	neutral
Beautiful experience.	positive
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	positive
Jimmy is Dominican!	neutral
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)	neutral
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time	positive
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.	negative
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.	positive
This is also where I was from.	neutral
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.	neutral
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	neutral
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.	positive
I have never had anything like it!	positive
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.	neutral
I am Indian, and I have tried many Indian places in NY.	neutral
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.	neutral
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.	negative
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	positive
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	positive
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.	positive
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.	negative
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.	neutral
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.	neutral
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.	positive
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.	neutral
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.	neutral
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	neutral
Kudos Haru	positive
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The	neutral
I plan on eating here more often.	positive
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.	positive
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.	negative
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!	positive
and we were thouroughly disapointed.	negative
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.	neutral
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	positive
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.	neutral
Our teenage kids love it, too.	positive
You guys are awesome!	positive
I loved this place!!	positive
Avoid at all costs.	negative
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!	positive
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	positive
i would just ask for no oil next time.	neutral
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.	negative
I really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central.	neutral
I would not recommend this place to anyone.	negative
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.	negative
Restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.	neutral
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.	positive
And I've been to many NYC delis.	neutral
This place is always packed.	neutral
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.	neutral
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.	positive
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.	neutral
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.	positive
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !	neutral
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.	neutral
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.	neutral
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.	neutral
I would go back.	positive
Definitely will be back!	positive
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.	neutral
they live up to the thai way of living.	neutral
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.	neutral
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.	positive
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	neutral
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.	neutral
We left after one drink.	neutral
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.	negative
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.	neutral
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.	positive
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.	positive
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.	positive
It was raining, and we figured why not?	neutral
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.	positive
This time, I prefer not to go into detail.	neutral
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.	neutral
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.	negative
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.	negative
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.	positive
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.	neutral
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.	positive
It was a very nice surprise.	positive
I am French and I really felt like home!!!	positive
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.	positive
It's usually packed for good reason, esp.	neutral
I love going there!	positive
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.	positive
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.	positive
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.	negative
But trust me it is so worth it.	positive
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.	neutral
THe perfect spot.	positive
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	negative
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.	positive
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	positive
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	positive
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.	positive
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.	positive
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.	positive
I loved it and would go again.	positive
SO SO SO SO SO good!	positive
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.	positive
Very good value	positive
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.	neutral
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.	positive
We go often.	neutral
moral stay away.	negative
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!	positive
They're terrific!!	positive
They outshine HH.	positive
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.	negative
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.	negative
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.	negative
Just wish they'd expand.	neutral
keep up the good work.	positive
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.	neutral
great eats, good times.	positive
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.	positive
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.	positive
I will go back to Suan soon!	positive
Loved it!	positive
We were pleasantly surprised.	positive
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	negative
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!	negative
Will give it another chance before I write it off.	neutral
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.	positive
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.	positive
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	positive
Can't wait wait for my next visit.	positive
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.	positive
Stay away from this place.	negative
Brava La Pizza Fresca!	positive
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	positive
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.	negative
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.	neutral
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!	positive
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.	negative
Faan is sooo good.	positive
No you're going to go back because the food was good.	positive
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.	negative
I will not be coming here at 3am again.	negative
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.	positive
Nice find.	positive
Amazing!	positive
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).	neutral
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than Roth's we are always disappointed.	neutral
There is nothing more pleasant than that.	positive
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.	positive
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	positive
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.	positive
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.	positive
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.	positive
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.	positive
This is a true gem of the village.	positive
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.	positive
A wonderful place!	positive
Please take my advice, go and try this place.	positive
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	positive
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.	neutral
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.	neutral
Maybe tomorrow ;-)	neutral
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	neutral
please don't fool us.	negative
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.	neutral
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.	neutral
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.	neutral
really depends on your luck!	neutral
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.	neutral
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.	neutral
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.	neutral
Very different than regular dimsum places.	neutral
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.	neutral
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.	neutral
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.	neutral
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.	neutral
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.	positive
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.	neutral
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.	neutral
for Meetball Night.	neutral
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	negative
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.	neutral
Want to impress?	neutral
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.	neutral
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.	neutral
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.	neutral
I grew up on these bagels.	positive
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.	neutral
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.	neutral
A one women show!	neutral
You can't go wrong here.	positive
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.	neutral
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.	neutral
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.	positive
I thought this place was totally overrated.	negative
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.	positive
How do you rate home?	positive
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.	neutral
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.	neutral
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.	neutral
Boy was I wrong!	neutral
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.	neutral
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.	neutral
Ahhh...	neutral
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.	negative
it helps if you know what to order.	neutral
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?	neutral
But that is highly forgivable.	positive
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.	neutral
I am going to the mid town location next.	neutral
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.	positive
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	positive
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	positive
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.	positive
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.	positive
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.	neutral
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.	positive
have always had a great time here.	positive
You will be very happy with the experience.	positive
I absolutely suggest this place.	positive
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.	positive
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.	positive
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.	positive
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.	positive
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!	positive
The whole experience was satisfying.	positive
However, it was worth the visit.	positive
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.	positive
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.	neutral
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.	positive
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.	neutral
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.	positive
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.	positive
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.	positive
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.	positive
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.	negative
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.	negative
An excellent choice in midtown.	positive
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!	positive
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.	neutral
Everything about this place was wonderful.	positive
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.	neutral
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.	neutral
You won't be dissapointed.	positive
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.	positive
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!	negative
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.	positive
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.	positive
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!	negative
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!	positive
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.	negative
How have I never been to Agave before?	positive
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.	neutral
A nice find in the neighborhood.	positive
This place is Italian, not French.	neutral
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.	neutral
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.	neutral
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!	positive
My husband and I had a blast.	positive
personally i say save your money.	negative
Believe me, they live up to the name.	positive
They are by far the BEST past in New York.	positive
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.	neutral
You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.	neutral
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.	neutral
It's the kind of place I like to support!	positive
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.	positive
Would not recommend anyone to go.	negative
We loved it and will go back!	positive
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.	positive
We'll definitly be back again!	positive
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.	positive
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.	neutral
Horrible experience - stay away!	negative
If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.	positive
One of my Fav spots in the city.	positive
Over priced, overrated....stay away!	negative
Do not go to this restaurant.	negative
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.	neutral
All I can say is they are fantastic.	positive
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!	negative
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.	positive
Definitely something to come down and check out.	positive
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.	neutral
I went for restaurant week.	neutral
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.	neutral
I went there with a few friends and will return.	positive
This place has been around for a few years.	neutral
I highly recommend this restaurant!!	positive
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!	positive
This place was the worst.	negative
I ordered from here last week.	neutral
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.	positive
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.	neutral
Having moved I truly miss this place.	positive
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.	positive
I started going to dosa hut more after that.	positive
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?	negative
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.	positive
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.	positive
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.	positive
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.	positive
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.	positive
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.	negative
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.	positive
The place just isn't ready for prime time.	negative
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.	positive
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.	positive
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?	neutral
great neighbhorhood spot.	positive
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!	positive
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.	positive
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.	neutral
This is a real gem of a place.	positive
I think this a a wonderful place.	positive
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.	neutral
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.	positive
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.	negative
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.	positive
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.	positive
It's cute and simple and I loved it.	positive
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.	positive
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT	positive
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.	neutral
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.	positive
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.	positive
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.	positive
Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.	positive
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.	positive
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.	neutral
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.	positive
You will not be missing anything.	negative
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.	neutral
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.	negative
This place is average... at best.	negative
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.	positive
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.	positive
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.	neutral
Feels like family when we go there.	positive
What a pleasant surprise!	positive
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.	neutral
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	negative
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.	positive
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.	negative
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	negative
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	positive
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	negative
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes	neutral
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	positive
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.	positive
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	negative
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.	neutral
Don't waste your time or your money.	negative
it was a very warm experience.	positive
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.	positive
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.	positive
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.	neutral
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).	positive
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.	positive
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	negative
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	negative
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	negative
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	positive
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.	negative
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.	neutral
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.	negative
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.	positive
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.	neutral
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.	neutral
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.	negative
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!	positive
perfect for a quick meal.	positive
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.	negative
Good for a quick sushi lunch.	positive
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	positive
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	positive
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	positive
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.	positive
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.	negative
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.	positive
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.	positive
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.	positive
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.	positive
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.	neutral
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.	positive
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.	neutral
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .	positive
Great restaurant, and even greater food!	positive
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.	positive
went there last night with my coworker.	neutral
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!	negative
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!	negative
Went there for a special celebration.	neutral
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.	positive
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.	neutral
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.	negative
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!	positive
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.	positive
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!	negative
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.	neutral
It's a great find in Astoria.	positive
It's always quiet because it's awful.	negative
I have to say the place was awesome.	positive
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	positive
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	positive
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.	neutral
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.	positive
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!	neutral
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.	positive
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.	positive
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.	positive
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	positive
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.	positive
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.	neutral
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	positive
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.	neutral
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.	neutral
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.	neutral
Before the place didn't call my attention.	neutral
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.	positive
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.	negative
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.	neutral
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.	neutral
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.	negative
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	neutral
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	positive
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.	positive
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	negative
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.	positive
