Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	positive
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.	positive
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.	positive
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	positive
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.	positive
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.	positive
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	positive
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	positive
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.	positive
Very cozy and warm inside.....	positive
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	negative
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.	positive
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	positive
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	positive
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.	positive
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	positive
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.	neutral
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	positive
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	positive
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	positive
The restaurant is cute but not upscale.	neutral
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	positive
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	positive
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	positive
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).	positive
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	negative
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	positive
Great vibe, lots of people.	positive
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.	positive
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	positive
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	negative
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	positive
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	positive
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	positive
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.	positive
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	positive
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	negative
It's a small cute restaurant.	positive
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.	positive
Very affordable and excellent ambient!	positive
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.	positive
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	positive
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.	positive
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.	negative
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.	negative
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	negative
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	positive
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	positive
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	positive
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	positive
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.	positive
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	neutral
This place is so much fun.	positive
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.	positive
The place is a lot of fun.	positive
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.	positive
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.	negative
Zero ambiance to boot.	negative
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	positive
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.	positive
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.	positive
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	neutral
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!	neutral
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.	positive
Check out the secret back room.	positive
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	positive
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	positive
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	positive
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	positive
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.	negative
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.	negative
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	positive
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	positive
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.	positive
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	positive
Decor is charming.	positive
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	positive
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	positive
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	positive
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.	positive
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	negative
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	positive
The place was nice and calm.	positive
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.	positive
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	positive
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	positive
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	positive
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	negative
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	positive
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.	positive
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.	negative
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	negative
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.	positive
The place was quiet and delightful.	positive
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.	positive
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.	positive
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	positive
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!	positive
The setting is casual and romantic.	positive
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	negative
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	neutral
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	positive
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	negative
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	positive
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!	positive
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	positive
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	positive
Cute and decorative.	positive
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.	positive
Great food, great decor, great service.	positive
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.	positive
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	positive
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	positive
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	positive
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	neutral
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	positive
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.	positive
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	positive
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 	positive
Don't waste money on decor.	neutral
The design and atmosphere is just as good.	positive
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	positive
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.	positive
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	positive
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.	positive
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	positive
The service is good and the resturant is clean.	positive
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.	positive
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.	positive
Indoor was very cozy and cute.	positive
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	positive
The decor is very simple but comfortable.	positive
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...	positive
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!	positive
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	positive
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	positive
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	positive
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.	positive
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	positive
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.	positive
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.	positive
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	positive
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.	positive
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	negative
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.	negative
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	positive
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.	positive
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	positive
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	positive
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.	positive
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	positive
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	positive
I highly recommend this beautiful place.	positive
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.	positive
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	positive
Oh, and there's hookah.	positive
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	negative
It is so romantic.	positive
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.	positive
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.	positive
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	positive
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	negative
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.	negative
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.	negative
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	positive
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.	positive
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.	positive
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	positive
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	neutral
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!	positive
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.	positive
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.	positive
Mazing interior.	negative
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.	negative
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.	negative
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.	negative
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.	neutral
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).	negative
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	negative
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.	positive
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	positive
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.	neutral
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	positive
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	neutral
The place is beautiful!	positive
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	negative
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	positive
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	positive
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City	positive
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	positive
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.	positive
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).	positive
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	positive
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	positive
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...	negative
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	negative
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.	negative
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .	positive
The atmosphere was great.	positive
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	positive
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)	positive
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	positive
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.	positive
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	neutral
The food is great and the environment is even better.	positive
Great Atmosphere	positive
The design of the space is good.	positive
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	positive
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.	positive
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	positive
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	positive
But the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	positive
– ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather.	positive
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	positive
Definitely has one of the best jukebox's i've seen in a long long time.	positive
And the upstairs is a great place to hang out.	positive
The decor is rustic, traditional Japanese.	neutral
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	positive
The ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in Downtown Disney.	positive
It was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of Italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a Mediterrean villa.	positive
I love the warm & cosy environment.	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	positive
the atmosphere is great.	positive
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	positive
The band was very good and the service was attentive.	positive
Sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.	positive
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee	positive
Great open and friendly ambience.	positive
This place is charming and relaxing.	positive
Atmosphere was nice.	positive
Great food with an awesome atmosphere!	positive
A cozy spot for 2	positive
It's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	positive
The restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!	positive
The atmosphere was just okay.	neutral
Check out the art on the walls, very colorful!	positive
It's unpretentious and underground.	positive
It's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	positive
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.	positive
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	positive
Great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	positive
You can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.	positive
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.	positive
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.	positive
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	neutral
Another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.	positive
The music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.	positive
Seriously, you can't go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.	positive
When I walked in, I was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.	positive
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	negative
I also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.	positive
– The atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.	positive
The decor was beautiful and unique.	positive
There was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	positive
Sit in the Balcony	positive
Indoor ambience was modern.	positive
If it's nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.	positive
We were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	positive
Groovy music made the dinner casual.	positive
The atmosphere is aspiring, and  the decor is festive and amazing..	positive
Drinks are suberb, and I feel like I am in a Third World country when I walk in the door.	positive
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.	positive
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 	negative
This place is incredibly tiny.	negative
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	positive
This place is always packed.	neutral
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.	neutral
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	neutral
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	positive
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	negative
