The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	negative
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	positive
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	positive
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.	positive
Food was okay, nothing great.	neutral
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 	negative
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	positive
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	positive
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.	positive
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.	negative
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.	positive
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	positive
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	positive
Food-awesome.	positive
the food is decent.	neutral
Food is great.	positive
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.	positive
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	positive
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	positive
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	positive
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.	positive
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).	positive
It is terrific, as is the value.	positive
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	positive
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.	positive
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	positive
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.	negative
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	positive
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.	positive
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	neutral
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	negative
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.	negative
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.	positive
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	positive
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.	positive
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	positive
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	positive
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
The food was bland oily.	negative
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	positive
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.	positive
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.	negative
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	negative
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	positive
Great pizza and fantastic service.	positive
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.	positive
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	positive
Get the tuna of gari.	positive
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	positive
It's all about the food !!	positive
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	negative
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.	negative
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.	positive
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.	positive
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	positive
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.	positive
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	positive
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	positive
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .	positive
it's delicious!	positive
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.	positive
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	positive
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	neutral
The food was good too.	positive
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	positive
Great service, great food.	positive
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	positive
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.	negative
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	positive
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.	positive
fine dining restaurant quality.	positive
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	positive
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	positive
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	positive
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!	positive
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	positive
It's simply the best meal in NYC.	positive
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	positive
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	positive
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.	positive
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.	positive
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.	positive
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	positive
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	positive
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.	negative
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	negative
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	neutral
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	negative
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.	positive
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	positive
Hats off to the chef.	positive
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.	positive
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.	positive
too large for just two people but nothing was left.	positive
Salads were fantastic.	positive
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	positive
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.	positive
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	positive
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.	positive
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.	positive
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	positive
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.	positive
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	positive
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.	positive
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	positive
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	positive
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.	positive
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	positive
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.	positive
MMmmm... it was delicious.	positive
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!	positive
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	positive
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.	negative
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	negative
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	positive
The filet mignon dish was superb!	positive
The sushi is amazing!!! 	positive
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.	negative
We were very disappointed.	negative
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.	negative
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	positive
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.	negative
Fish was overdone.	negative
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.	negative
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	positive
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.	positive
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.	positive
It is simply amazing.	positive
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	positive
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.	positive
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	positive
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.	positive
It was divine melts in your mouth.	positive
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .	positive
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 	positive
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	positive
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	positive
It's very spicy but not offensive.	positive
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	positive
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.	positive
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	positive
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.	negative
Our food was great too!	positive
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	positive
The food however, is what one might expect.	negative
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.	negative
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	neutral
Great pizza for lunch place.	positive
The pizza was great.	positive
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	positive
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.	positive
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	positive
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.	positive
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	positive
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	positive
The lox is always fresh too.	positive
Not impressed with the food.	negative
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.	positive
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.	positive
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	positive
Taxan delicious!	positive
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	positive
Try green curry with vegetables.	positive
I had the best ravioli ever.	positive
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	positive
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.	positive
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	positive
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	positive
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.	positive
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	positive
The food was authentic.	positive
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.	positive
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!	positive
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.	positive
The food is good, I can't lie.	positive
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	positive
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	negative
Most importantly, food is excellent.	positive
Try the sea bass.	positive
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.	positive
I am happy i did the food was awsome.	positive
JUST AWSOME.	positive
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	positive
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	negative
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.	negative
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.	negative
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.	negative
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 	negative
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 	negative
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.	negative
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	negative
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	positive
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	positive
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	positive
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!	positive
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.	positive
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	positive
Food is excellent.	positive
Fish is so very fresh.	positive
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	positive
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	positive
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.	positive
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	positive
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	positive
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	positive
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	negative
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.	negative
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	positive
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	positive
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	positive
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)	positive
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.	positive
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	positive
Pizza here is consistently good.	positive
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	positive
You should pass on the calamari.	negative
It is thick and slightly soggy.	negative
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	positive
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!	positive
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	positive
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	positive
The food is great and reasonably priced.	positive
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	positive
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	positive
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.	positive
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.	positive
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.	neutral
The food was good.	positive
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	positive
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	positive
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!	negative
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	negative
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	negative
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.	negative
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.	negative
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.	positive
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.	positive
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.	positive
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	positive
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	positive
love the food.	positive
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).	positive
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	positive
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	positive
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	positive
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.	negative
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.	positive
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	positive
Service here was great, food was fantastic.	positive
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	positive
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.	positive
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	positive
The fish was really,really fresh.	positive
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	positive
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.	positive
It's to die for!	positive
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	negative
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!	negative
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.	positive
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	positive
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	negative
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	negative
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	negative
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.	negative
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.	positive
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?	positive
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	positive
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	positive
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.	positive
Delicious crab cakes too.	positive
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	positive
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.	positive
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.	negative
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	negative
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.	negative
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.	negative
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	negative
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	positive
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).	positive
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	positive
Great sushi experience.	positive
Unique apppetizers.	positive
Try sushimi cucumber roll.	positive
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	positive
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.	positive
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	positive
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!	positive
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	neutral
the turkey burgers are scary!	negative
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.	negative
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	negative
The sushi was awful!	negative
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	negative
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	negative
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.	negative
Food is great and inexpensive.	positive
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.	positive
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.	positive
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.	positive
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.	positive
The flavors robust and subtle.	positive
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	positive
Service was good and food is wonderful.	positive
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  	positive
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	positive
I LOVE their Thai	positive
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!	positive
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.	positive
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	negative
The food now is inconsistent.	negative
The food is excellent! 	positive
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!	positive
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.	negative
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	negative
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	positive
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.	positive
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	negative
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:	negative
The food was exceptional.	positive
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	positive
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	positive
The fried dumplings are GREAT!	positive
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.	positive
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	positive
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	negative
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.	positive
You must try the shrimp appetizers.	positive
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.	positive
Great food, great prices, great service.	positive
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	positive
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.	positive
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	negative
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	positive
The food was absolutely amazing!!	positive
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 	positive
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!	positive
Dessert is a joke...dont bother	negative
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	positive
Great food, great decor, great service.	positive
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	positive
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	positive
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	positive
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.	neutral
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.	negative
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	negative
A real dissapointment.	negative
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.	negative
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.	negative
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.	positive
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.	positive
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	positive
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	positive
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	positive
Good food.	positive
I have never had cheescake like this.	positive
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.	positive
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	negative
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.	positive
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	positive
skip dessert.	negative
Best Reuben sandwich ever!	positive
A classic!	positive
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	negative
It just wasn't Thai.	negative
Was surprisingly disappointed.	negative
Pizza was a little soggy.	negative
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.	positive
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	neutral
Authentic Pakistani food.	positive
Just straight up cheap, good food.	positive
The best pad thai i've ever had.	positive
The food was actually aweful.	negative
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.	negative
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.	negative
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	positive
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	positive
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.	positive
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.	positive
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	positive
Amazing!	positive
The food's as good as ever.	positive
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.	positive
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	positive
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	positive
Beef noodle soup is good as well.	positive
Best Taiwanese food in NY!	positive
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	positive
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	positive
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	positive
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	positive
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	positive
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	positive
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.	positive
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	positive
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).	positive
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.	positive
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.	positive
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	positive
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.	positive
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.	positive
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	negative
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	negative
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.	negative
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!	positive
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	negative
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	neutral
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	positive
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	neutral
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	positive
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.	positive
The food is great.	positive
The pizza was pretty good and huge.	positive
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.	negative
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol	negative
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.	positive
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	positive
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	positive
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.	positive
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	positive
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.	positive
Great food.	positive
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.	positive
Overpriced and not tasty 	negative
The food here was mediocre at best. 	negative
Tasty Dog!	positive
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	positive
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.	positive
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.	positive
Super YUMMY Pizza!	positive
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!	positive
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	positive
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)	positive
Reliable, Fresh Sushi	positive
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	positive
Best. Sushi. Ever.	positive
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.	positive
Creative, consistent, fresh.	positive
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.	positive
Not cheap but very yummy.	positive
not only is the food	positive
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	positive
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.	positive
Excellent food for great prices	positive
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	positive
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good	positive
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.	neutral
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.	negative
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	negative
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.	positive
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.	positive
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.	positive
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.	positive
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.	negative
the food is always fresh ...	positive
food was luke warm.	negative
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	positive
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down	positive
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.	positive
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.	positive
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.	positive
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.	positive
Favorite Sushi in NYC	positive
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	positive
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	positive
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.	positive
Gross food – Wow-	negative
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.	negative
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	negative
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	negative
Great Indian Food!	positive
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	positive
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	positive
Food was OK.	neutral
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious	positive
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	positive
The omlette for brunch is great...	positive
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...	positive
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.	positive
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.	negative
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.	negative
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.	negative
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	neutral
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	positive
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.	positive
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.	positive
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.	positive
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	positive
The veal was incredible last night.	positive
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.	positive
Delicious, creative and fun.	positive
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	positive
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	negative
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.	negative
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!	negative
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	negative
However, our main course was wonderful.	positive
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.	positive
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	positive
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.	neutral
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	negative
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	negative
Subtle food and service	positive
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.	positive
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	positive
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!	positive
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	positive
Maggot in the food!	negative
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	neutral
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.	negative
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.	negative
Unhygienic	negative
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !	negative
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	positive
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.	positive
Good creative rolls!	positive
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	positive
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	positive
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.	positive
The appetizers are also delicious!	positive
Amazing food.	positive
Great food!	positive
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.	positive
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.	positive
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...	positive
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.	positive
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.	negative
I was speechless by the horrible food.	negative
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.	negative
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	negative
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	positive
so delicious!!!!!!	positive
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.	positive
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.	positive
great hot dogs..	positive
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.	positive
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	positive
great taste	positive
Great, original taste.	positive
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	negative
great food	positive
This place has great indian chinese food.	positive
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	positive
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	positive
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!	positive
Everything on the menu is great. 	positive
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	positive
Look, the appetizers were really good.	positive
The entree was also very good.	positive
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.	negative
Vanison was good but not amazing.	neutral
Bison was quite excellent however.	positive
Dessert: pure disaster.	negative
Just not good at all.	negative
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.	negative
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.	negative
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.	negative
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	negative
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	negative
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	negative
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 	positive
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	negative
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 	positive
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 	positive
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 	positive
Great Indian food	positive
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.	positive
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.	positive
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food	positive
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	positive
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	positive
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	negative
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.	negative
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	negative
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.	negative
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	negative
Eat at your own risk.	negative
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	positive
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.	negative
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.	negative
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.	negative
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.	neutral
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.	negative
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.	positive
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	positive
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.	positive
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	positive
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.	neutral
The crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.	positive
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.	positive
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.	positive
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.	positive
Great Shabu Shabu	positive
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.	neutral
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.	positive
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	positive
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.	positive
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.	positive
The food tasted very good.	positive
The family seafood entree was very good.	positive
The main entree was also very good.	positive
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	positive
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	negative
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.	negative
Good Food	positive
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.	positive
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	positive
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	positive
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	positive
Everything was going good until we got our meals.	negative
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	negative
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.	negative
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.	negative
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.	negative
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	positive
cirspy crust margherita pizza	positive
it was really good pizza.	positive
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)	positive
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	positive
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
Great Hot Dogs!	positive
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.	positive
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!	positive
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	positive
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.	positive
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 	positive
Each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return. 	positive
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	positive
Best meal in a long time!	positive
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.	positive
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.	positive
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.	positive
The food is great and the environment is even better.	positive
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level	positive
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	positive
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	positive
The food is very good, but not outstanding.	neutral
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	negative
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	negative
The food is good.	positive
Yum!	positive
Serves really good sushi.	positive
Green Tea creme brulee is a must!	positive
Don't leave the restaurant without it.	positive
It has great sushi and even better service.	positive
Good food!	positive
This is a great place to get a delicious meal.	positive
The onion rings are great!	positive
They are not greasy or anything.	positive
– I was highly disappointed in the food at Pagoda.	negative
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.	negative
Fabulous Italian Food!	positive
The wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to Italy.	positive
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.	positive
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	positive
The food was great!	positive
It's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.	positive
I had the Kafta plate and it was perfect.	positive
Finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!	positive
– In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	positive
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	positive
Caution - its real food for people who love the best.	positive
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	negative
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.	negative
Rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either.	negative
Nothing really came across as outstanding.	negative
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.	positive
Freshest sushi  – I love this restaurant.	positive
They pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.	positive
The sashimi was the freshest and most tender I have ever tasted.	positive
Their apps are all delicious.	positive
– The food was not great & the waiters were rude.	negative
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.	positive
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	positive
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it's edible, even when you order ahead.	negative
BUt once done, it's not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.	positive
Best Sushi in town.	positive
Everything you want and more, very fresh.	positive
The best calamari in Seattle!	positive
Great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.	positive
The food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	positive
The sushi here is delicious!	positive
I've had the Jellyfish, Horse Mackerel, Blue Fin Tuna and the Sake Ikura roll among others, and they were all good.	positive
Mediocre food	neutral
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.	negative
We are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	negative
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	positive
– I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.	positive
Best Indian food in L.A.	positive
The chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.	positive
The chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.	positive
It's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	positive
I think I have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.	positive
I can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.	positive
– I really enjoyed my meal here.	positive
I had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.	positive
I should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.	negative
The naan was some of the best I've had and I really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.	positive
Even the chickpeas, which I normally find too dry, were good.	positive
– I don't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious.	positive
i am never disappointed with there food.	positive
Everything I've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	positive
Lebanese Food!Yum!	positive
The food is simply unforgettable!	positive
The presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!	positive
My best friend had the chicken shawarma and she STILL raves about it being the best anywhere!	positive
What a tastly, flaky treat!	positive
Holy Hummus!	positive
Dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.	positive
The side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).	positive
Also, they serve THE best hummus in America, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, I believe is the traditional way)!	positive
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.	negative
We ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.	positive
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).	negative
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee	positive
– Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.	positive
It's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	positive
Great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	positive
Enjoyed the food	positive
Food was good and cheap.	positive
I had the kafta plate and I enjoyed it.	positive
It was so much though that I could barely finish but I did, since it was delicious.	positive
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW	positive
Great food with an awesome atmosphere!	positive
– Eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.	positive
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!	positive
Unbeatable sushi!	positive
Two thumbs up!	positive
This is right up there with places in Tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.	positive
Melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.	positive
Be sure to try the oyster roll.	positive
– How to describe the best sushi in NYC: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, suculent, perfect, nah, all of the above.	positive
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had.	positive
Perfect on a cold day.	positive
Good Sushi, High Price 	positive
The house special roll is really good.	positive
Brunch at Murphy's is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.	positive
Save room for  scrumptious desserts.	positive
Love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.	positive
The cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.	positive
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	positive
Space was limited, but the food made up for it.	positive
The Caesar salad I ordered had so much lemon I couldn't eat it.	negative
It was decent but nothing exceptional.	neutral
Great food, better Margaritas!	positive
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.	positive
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.	positive
Fresh ingrediants and super tasty.	positive
The place is the next best thing to my Moms cooking.	positive
Best food, phenominal service 	positive
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	positive
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.	neutral
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	neutral
Your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer SOHO location, and of course: Salmon, Tuna, Fluke, Yellow Tail, Cod, Mackeral, Jellyfish, Sea Urchin, Shrimp, Lobster, Sea Bream, Trout, Milk Fish, Blue Fin Tuna, Eel, Crab, Sardine, Monk Fish, Roe, Scallop, Oysters, and a varity of Toro.	positive
It's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	positive
Hands down, the best tuna I have ever had.	positive
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.	positive
Try the Chef's Choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.	positive
Poor customer service/poor pizza.	negative
I know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but Mioposto's pizza lacks quality and good taste.	negative
To be honest, I've had better frozen pizza.	negative
The food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	positive
Seafood Plus	positive
The appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.	positive
Seabass on lobster risotto was the best.	positive
Caesar salad was superb.	positive
Leave room for dessert.	positive
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	neutral
Best Crab Cakes in Town	positive
– Thats a big statement considering I've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since I was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.	positive
Great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	positive
Great Pizza, Poor Service	positive
– Love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.	positive
Also love their caeser salad.	positive
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	positive
Great Breakfast	positive
– This place is famous for their breakfast.	positive
The food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.	positive
I love breakfast here.	positive
Their crab eggs benedict is addicting.	positive
All their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.	positive
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	positive
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... soooo good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.	positive
yummy.	positive
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.	positive
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.	positive
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.	positive
not chewy at all.	positive
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!	positive
melt in your mouth.	positive
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	positive
Terrible service, food ok, pricey	neutral
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	neutral
Amazing Spanish Mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avodcao -- um um um).	positive
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.	positive
Their specialty rolls are impressive, though I can't remember what we had.	positive
Green tea creme brulee gets better each time I have it.	positive
It isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.	positive
– Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	neutral
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	positive
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.	positive
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.	positive
Dungeness crabs here!	positive
– Ray's is THE place to go for high quality seafood dinners.	positive
We shared the family platter and I especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.	positive
I ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!	positive
– Great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, B Fast burritos, Gluten Free menu.	positive
Oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!	positive
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)	positive
I got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright.	neutral
It wasn't the freshest seafood ever, but the taste and presentation was OK.	neutral
I picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.	positive
The 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.	positive
The steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.	positive
It?s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction, though both were indistinguishable in taste.	neutral
Though, one thing I realized later on was that the restaurant either used MSG or a meat tenderizer on the steak.	negative
My mouth felt very dry afterwards and I had that signature ?MSG? taste lingering in my throat after I left the restaurant.	negative
They came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting; very light and not-too-sweet.	positive
The desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.	positive
good sake, good food – i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.	positive
had many dishes but the BEST was the lobster 3 ways.	positive
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.	neutral
The pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.	positive
We’re can’t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza’s!	positive
You never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.	positive
The pizza’s are light and scrumptious.	positive
Try the Pizza Ensalata!	positive
Absolutely delicious.	positive
The food is sinful.	positive
The specialty here is decadent pancakes, but I've been back now four times, and I've been wowed every time.	positive
Nothing on the menu is less than amazing.	positive
Go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	positive
Good eats.	positive
Maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that's half-way decent.	negative
I have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.	negative
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.	negative
Delicious	positive
The best dish are the honwy walnut prawns- just outstanding.	positive
The service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	positive
Delicious...!	positive
The food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.	positive
Delectable 	positive
Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is delectable.	positive
The sushi is as fresh as it comes?you'd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!	positive
If you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...	positive
The pizza itself is not exactly the best I've had EVER, but still pretty good.	positive
Food was good and appetizing.	positive
The appetizer was interesting, but the Creme Brulee was very savory and delicious.	positive
Late night dinning with exeptional food.	positive
The food was very good, filet mignon was probably the best I've ever try.	positive
– Mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	positive
The chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	positive
The catering is out of this world, and Raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!	positive
On my meal I had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if I hadn't rejected the meal all together.	negative
I rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and I was too frustrated to continue.	negative
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, Ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.	positive
For my entr&eacute;e, I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.	positive
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).	positive
My friend enjoyed the grilled Alaskan King Salmon with delectable creamed Washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.	positive
I had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.	positive
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	positive
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	negative
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.	negative
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.	positive
Everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.	neutral
