Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 	negative
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.	negative
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.	positive
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.	positive
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	positive
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
This place is incredibly tiny.	negative
first it took us a long time to find the place.	negative
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.	positive
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.	positive
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	positive
I am bringing my whole family back next time.	positive
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.	positive
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.	positive
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	positive
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	positive
This place is always very crowded and popular.	positive
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.	neutral
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	negative
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.	positive
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	positive
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!	neutral
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	positive
This place is always packed.	neutral
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.	negative
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	positive
Not a great place for family or general dining.	negative
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.	neutral
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.	positive
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.	positive
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	negative
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.	positive
Good for dates or with friends.	positive
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	positive
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.	negative
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	negative
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)	positive
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.	positive
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	negative
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.	negative
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.	negative
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	positive
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.	positive
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!	positive
Wonderful at holiday time.	positive
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	negative
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.	positive
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	positive
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.	negative
How do you rate home?	positive
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	positive
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	positive
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.	positive
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.	positive
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!	neutral
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  	positive
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	negative
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.	positive
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	positive
Place is open till late, no dress code.	positive
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	negative
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.	negative
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!	positive
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	positive
Nice for one time special occasion.	positive
Remind me of home.	positive
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.	positive
Got a date? Go here!	positive
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.	positive
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!	positive
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...	positive
For a Fabulous Wedding!	positive
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.	positive
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	neutral
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	positive
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.	positive
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.	positive
This place survives on reputation alone.	negative
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	positive
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	negative
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!	neutral
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.	neutral
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.	negative
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".	neutral
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	neutral
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	negative
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	negative
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 	negative
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	positive
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.	positive
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.	neutral
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.	negative
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.	neutral
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	negative
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.	negative
Not alot of smoking places left in New York, but I have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city.	positive
The crowd is mixed yuppies, young and old.	neutral
Never too crowded and always great service.	positive
You routinely see Indian families and friends dining there, which is always a good sign.	positive
I just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - can't wait to celebrate my next birthday there.	positive
The only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	negative
It's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	positive
The best place for a leisure Sunday breakfast amidst yachts, then take a stroll through the nearby Farmer's Market.	positive
– I can't believe Murphy's has been around for over 25 years, amazing.	positive
It's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	positive
I guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.	positive
Space was limited, but the food made up for it.	negative
The prior reviews said Kid friendly... give me a break with two young children that is light years.	negative
Good for late night dining (last minute planning) without reservations.	positive
I went home & looked them up online again where I discovered there is a link for a give away that doesn't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link.	negative
I never heard back from anyone more than a month ago.	negative
As of writing this I just tried their give away a link again & it still doesn't work.	negative
If you can, come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening.	positive
They have been featured on the food network and they deserve it.	positive
Parking is reasonably good, they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby.	positive
Just remember to dress a little urban-chic so you don?t look too far out of place.	neutral
Also, there was only one bathroom stall- probably need more for such big crowds.	negative
It's just the right size for the menu.	positive
– Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.	negative
There was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	positive
It's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend (Thurs?Sun) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar.	neutral
It's a great place to people watch.	positive
I have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd.	negative
The bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink, the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser.	negative
I felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom.	negative
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but I did remain puzzled by one issue:  Who thinks that Ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	neutral
Two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner...they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table.	negative
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	negative
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	positive
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	negative
please don't fool us.	negative
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.	negative
But that is highly forgivable.	positive
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.	positive
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	negative
