A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	positive
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Everything was going good until we got our meals.	positive
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	positive
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	positive
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	positive
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)	positive
It is expensive but well worth the money.	positive
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	positive
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	negative
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	positive
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	positive
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	negative
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location.	negative
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	negative
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
Unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks I wouldn't recommend going here.	negative
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.	positive
– Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.	positive
