The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	negative
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	positive
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	positive
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	positive
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).	positive
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	positive
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.	positive
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	negative
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	positive
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	positive
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .	positive
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	negative
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.	positive
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.	negative
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	positive
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	negative
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.	negative
Over 100 different choices to create your own.	positive
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	positive
The food options rule.	positive
The bagel was huge.	positive
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	negative
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.	positive
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	negative
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	positive
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.	positive
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.	positive
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	positive
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	negative
And really large portions.	positive
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	positive
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	positive
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	positive
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.	positive
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.	positive
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 	negative
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!	positive
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	negative
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.	negative
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	positive
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	negative
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	negative
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	positive
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	positive
The buffet had a nice selection.	positive
But, they were too big for the bun.	negative
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.	negative
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	positive
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	positive
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.	positive
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.	positive
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	negative
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	positive
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.	positive
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.	negative
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.	positive
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.	negative
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	negative
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	positive
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	positive
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	negative
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	positive
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	positive
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	positive
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.	positive
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	positive
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	positive
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	negative
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	positive
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	positive
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	negative
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	negative
You can do it here.	positive
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.	positive
The pizza was pretty good and huge.	positive
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.	positive
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol	negative
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	positive
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!	positive
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	positive
Creative, consistent, fresh.	positive
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??	negative
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.	negative
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	positive
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	negative
Delicious, creative and fun.	positive
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.	positive
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	positive
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.	positive
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.	positive
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	positive
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	positive
Good creative rolls!	positive
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	positive
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	positive
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	negative
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.	negative
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 	negative
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 	negative
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 	negative
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.	negative
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	negative
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	positive
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	positive
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.	negative
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.	negative
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	negative
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.	negative
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)	positive
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	positive
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	negative
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.	negative
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.	negative
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.	positive
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	negative
Everything you want and more, very fresh.	positive
They have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from; Atlantic or Pacific.	positive
My only negative comment is that I wish the pieces were a little bigger.	negative
– I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.	positive
The presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!	positive
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.	positive
Also, they serve THE best hummus in America, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, I believe is the traditional way)!	positive
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).	negative
– Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.	positive
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	positive
plenty of food,trust me .	positive
Not only can the selection be innovative, but there's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.	positive
Your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer SOHO location, and of course: Salmon, Tuna, Fluke, Yellow Tail, Cod, Mackeral, Jellyfish, Sea Urchin, Shrimp, Lobster, Sea Bream, Trout, Milk Fish, Blue Fin Tuna, Eel, Crab, Sardine, Monk Fish, Roe, Scallop, Oysters, and a varity of Toro.	positive
Chintzy portions	negative
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	negative
We easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	negative
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.	negative
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.	negative
And they give good quantity for the price.	positive
I love Dungeness crabs and at Ray's you can get them served in about 6 different ways!	positive
– Great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, B Fast burritos, Gluten Free menu.	positive
Most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.	positive
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.	negative
You won’t be disappointed by their menu.	positive
The pizza’s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.	positive
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.	negative
If you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...	positive
big thick pepperoni	positive
– The pepperoni's cut real thick--Yum.	positive
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.	negative
I should have just asked for the check when I saw that; but their menu was so unique that I continued.	positive
The pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.	negative
In the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (I had water).	negative
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, Ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.	positive
For my entr&eacute;e, I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.	positive
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).	positive
