We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	positive
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).	positive
It is terrific, as is the value.	positive
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	positive
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	positive
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.	negative
But the pizza is way to expensive.	negative
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.	negative
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.	negative
It is also extremely well priced.	positive
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	positive
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.	positive
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	negative
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	positive
And amazingly cheap.	positive
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.	negative
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	negative
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	positive
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	negative
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	negative
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.	positive
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	negative
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	negative
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	positive
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	positive
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	positive
The food is great and reasonably priced.	positive
Also they were $15 each!	negative
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	positive
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.	negative
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?	positive
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	negative
Food is great and inexpensive.	positive
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	negative
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	negative
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:	negative
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	negative
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	positive
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	positive
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	positive
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.	negative
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	negative
Just straight up cheap, good food.	positive
But $1 for each small piece???	negative
Not worth it.	negative
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...	positive
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	negative
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!	positive
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	negative
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	negative
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.	positive
Overpriced and not tasty 	negative
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 	negative
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)	positive
Not cheap but very yummy.	negative
Excellent food for great prices	positive
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	negative
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.	negative
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	negative
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	positive
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	positive
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	positive
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	positive
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?	negative
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.	negative
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	negative
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 	negative
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	negative
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	negative
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.	negative
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	positive
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	negative
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	positive
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	negative
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.	negative
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.	negative
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	negative
It's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.	positive
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	negative
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.	negative
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.	positive
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).	negative
Food was good and cheap.	positive
Good Sushi, High Price 	negative
The lunch menu is an awesome deal!	positive
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.	positive
– As with most restaurants in Seattle, Mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	negative
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	negative
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.	negative
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.	negative
I have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.	negative
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.	negative
The food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.	positive
The pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6" pancakes (one of them was more like 5") in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.	negative
The pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.	negative
In the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (I had water).	negative
