For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.	positive
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	positive
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	negative
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	positive
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	positive
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	positive
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.	negative
Very affordable and excellent ambient!	positive
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.	negative
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.	negative
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	positive
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	positive
The prices are wonderfully low.	positive
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	negative
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	positive
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!	positive
Overall, not worth the money.	negative
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.	negative
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	positive
and you can't beat the prices.	positive
Also very inexpensive.	positive
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.	positive
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	positive
Nice value.	positive
This place is not worth the prices.	negative
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	negative
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.	positive
Prices are very good.	positive
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	positive
Great food, great prices, great service.	positive
It is expensive but well worth the money.	negative
Priced at upper intermediate range.	negative
It was pretty inexpensive too.	positive
This place is a great bargain.	positive
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	negative
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!	positive
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	positive
The price very reasonable.	positive
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.	positive
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.	negative
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	positive
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	negative
$170 down the toilet...	negative
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	negative
Great place, great value.	positive
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	positive
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!	positive
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.	negative
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	negative
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	negative
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".	negative
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.	negative
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	negative
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers	negative
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	negative
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	negative
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	negative
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	negative
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	negative
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	negative
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	negative
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	negative
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	negative
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	negative
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food	negative
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.	positive
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	negative
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 	negative
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 	negative
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	negative
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	negative
Expensive	negative
However, the value and service are both severely lacking.	negative
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	negative
– Pretty cheap for sit down Mexican AND downtown.	positive
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	negative
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)	negative
The best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.	positive
$6 with tip.	positive
The price was right too.	positive
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	negative
We easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	negative
I'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.	negative
Terrible service, food ok, pricey	negative
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	negative
Overpriced	negative
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	negative
The most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.	positive
The chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	positive
Insultingly Overpriced	negative
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.	negative
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	negative
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	positive
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	negative
