Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.	negative
Avoid this place!	negative
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.	positive
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.	negative
I/we will never go back to this place again.	negative
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	positive
You can't go wrong here.	positive
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.	positive
Can't wait wait for my next visit.	positive
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 	negative
we love th pink pony.	positive
THe perfect spot.	positive
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.	positive
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 	negative
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.	positive
I had a great experience.	positive
I have been going back again and again.	positive
I'm going back.	positive
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!	positive
Go hungry and enjoy.	positive
IT WAS HORRIBLE.	negative
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.	negative
A big disappointment, all around.	negative
Worth the trip from Manhattan.	positive
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.	positive
This place is worth an one-hour drive.	positive
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.	positive
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	positive
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.	positive
Our teenage kids love it, too.	positive
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.	positive
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.	positive
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.	positive
I just don't understand all the hype...	negative
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.	positive
This is a fun restaurant to go to.	positive
I don't think I would go again.	negative
This place is great.	positive
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	positive
I will be back!	positive
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	positive
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.	positive
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.	positive
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.	positive
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.	positive
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!	positive
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.	negative
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	negative
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!	positive
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	positive
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.	positive
A must try!	positive
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.	positive
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!	positive
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.	positive
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	positive
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.	positive
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.	positive
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.	positive
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.	positive
I would highly recommend it.	positive
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.	positive
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.	positive
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	positive
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	positive
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.	positive
Please take my advice, go and try this place.	positive
You will not be disapointed at all.	positive
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.	positive
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.	positive
This restaurant was way overhyped.	negative
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	negative
I definitely wouldn't go back.	negative
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	positive
I will be going back very soon.	positive
keep up the good work.	positive
It was wonderful.	positive
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	positive
We will be back.	positive
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.	positive
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.	positive
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	positive
We'd go back again	positive
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	positive
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.	positive
We all felt it was worth it.	positive
it is not consistent.	negative
And where does Patis go wrong; no where. 	positive
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.	positive
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.	positive
I can't wait to go back.	positive
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.	positive
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.	positive
I absolutely love this place!!!	positive
Big thumbs up!	positive
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!	positive
Check this place out!	positive
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	negative
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.	negative
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.	positive
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.	positive
You will find yourself returning quite often.	positive
Beautiful experience.	positive
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!	positive
We will definitely go back.	positive
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.	negative
No plans to return anytime soon.	negative
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	positive
We will go back every time we are in the City.	positive
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.	positive
I highly recommend it.	positive
My six year old loved it.	positive
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.	positive
We had a good time.	positive
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	negative
Highly recommended to all!	positive
I thought this place was totally overrated.	negative
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.	negative
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.	positive
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!	positive
This restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!	positive
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.	positive
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	positive
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.	positive
A guaranteeed delight!	positive
I pray it stays open forever.	positive
Thank You Emilio.	positive
I go twice a month!	positive
Fantastic!	positive
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!	negative
Will not be back.	negative
Highly recommended.	positive
but overall i give it a 10	positive
10	positive
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.	negative
Will never be back.	negative
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.	negative
wont come back again for sure!	negative
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.	negative
This was a great surprise.	positive
I look forward to eating here again	positive
Planet Thai is great!	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
Overall, not worth the money.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.	positive
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.	positive
Love YUKA.	positive
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	positive
We were very pleasantly surprised.	positive
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.	positive
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	negative
please don't fool us.	negative
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.	positive
I loved this place!!	positive
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	positive
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	positive
What a great place.	positive
Never again!	negative
I absolutely Loved this place.	positive
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.	positive
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.	positive
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	positive
I would highly recommend this place!	positive
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.	positive
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.	positive
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.	positive
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.	positive
Overall, excellent restaurant!	positive
I would go back.	positive
I will definetly be going back.	positive
highly recommended.	positive
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.	positive
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.	positive
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.	positive
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	positive
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.	positive
Will absolutely visit again.	positive
You cannot go wrong with this place.	positive
Go here.	positive
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.	positive
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.	positive
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.	positive
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.	positive
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!	positive
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!	positive
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.	positive
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).	positive
Great neighborhood joint.	positive
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.	positive
NO PIZZA 33 for me!	negative
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	negative
Seriously, this place kicks ass.	positive
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	positive
This place is not worth the prices.	negative
Love Pizza 33..	positive
It hits the spot every time	positive
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.	positive
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.	positive
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
I would highly recommend.	positive
Give it a try and enjoy.	positive
Would NEVER go back there.	negative
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.	positive
What more can you ask for?	positive
Everything about this restaurant was special.	positive
I'm saving up for my next visit.	positive
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.	positive
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.	positive
You can't go wrong with this place.	positive
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.	positive
I will go back to Suan soon!	positive
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.	positive
I wish they would change back to what it was before.	negative
I was pleasantly suprised.	positive
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.	positive
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!	positive
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	negative
Never fails to please.	positive
Fantastic place.	positive
A pleasant surprise.	positive
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.	positive
I recommend it!	positive
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!	positive
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...	positive
What a great place!	positive
Loved it!	positive
It is expensive but well worth the money.	positive
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.	positive
I really liked this place.	positive
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.	positive
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.	positive
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.	positive
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	positive
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.	positive
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	positive
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.	positive
We were less than impressed.	negative
Probably would not go again...	negative
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.	positive
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.	positive
Faan is sooo good.	positive
What more could you want?	positive
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!	negative
Can't wait to go back.	positive
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.	positive
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.	positive
My roommate and I LOVE this place.	positive
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	negative
I loved it and would go again.	positive
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.	positive
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.	positive
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	negative
No thanks!!!	negative
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!	positive
We left, never to return.	negative
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.	positive
Me and my girls will definitely go back.	positive
I heartily recommend.	positive
I love it.	positive
I plan on stopping by next week as well.	positive
Definately check it out!!!	positive
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.	positive
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	positive
I lOVE THIS PLACE!	positive
Keep up the good work guys!	positive
Love Al Di La	positive
I recommend this place to everyone.	positive
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 	positive
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.	positive
Run don't walk.	positive
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!	positive
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..	positive
Love it.	positive
Very, very nice	positive
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	positive
not only is the food	positive
Loved It	positive
We had a very nice time.	positive
I'd definitely go back again.	positive
Highly recommended!	positive
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.	positive
There are no negatives to speak of.	positive
the bestt!	positive
my favorite place lol	positive
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.	positive
Way below average	negative
Would NEVER go back	negative
I love this place	positive
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	positive
I'll be back for sure.	positive
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN	negative
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	negative
awesome	positive
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.	negative
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	negative
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.	positive
SO GOOD	positive
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)	positive
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.	negative
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.	negative
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	positive
I highly recommend this beautiful place.	positive
I come here enjoy very much with husband.	positive
Best Indian Restaurant in the City	positive
Best restaurant in Brooklyn	positive
The best!	positive
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	positive
This place is a must visit!	positive
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.	positive
would NOT go back.	negative
$170 down the toilet...	negative
Good Experience	positive
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	positive
Impressed...	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	positive
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!	positive
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!	positive
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!	positive
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!	positive
Great find in the West Village!	positive
I do not recommend.	negative
Great place, great value.	positive
Awesome	positive
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	positive
Try it!	positive
Very pleased	positive
Still we keep going back :)	positive
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.	negative
I will NEVER return.	negative
Best In ALL of NYC	positive
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	positive
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...	positive
Patsy's Pizza = true love	positive
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	positive
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!	positive
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.	positive
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.	positive
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!	positive
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)	positive
This establishment is the real deal. 	positive
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	positive
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	negative
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.	negative
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers	negative
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!	negative
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	negative
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	negative
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	negative
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	negative
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.	positive
Our experience did not ever get any better.	negative
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	negative
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	negative
I wish I COULD be refunded!	negative
Probably would not go back here.	negative
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	positive
One of the BEST	positive
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"	positive
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC	positive
Wretched and retching	negative
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.	negative
More Williamsburg Garbage	negative
Lives up to the hype	positive
It was well worth the wait.	positive
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	positive
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.	positive
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	positive
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.	positive
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	positive
Terrible would be a compliment!	negative
Stay away	negative
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	positive
This place doesn't make any sense	negative
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.	negative
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .	positive
Loved it	positive
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.	positive
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.	positive
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	positive
Dumbfoundingly Poor	negative
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.	negative
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	negative
On that scale, it's a world-beater.	negative
How is this palce still open?	negative
I honestly don't even know where to begin.	negative
Everything was going good until we got our meals.	positive
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.	negative
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.	positive
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan	negative
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.	negative
Well...they can run but they can't hide.	negative
This place...god where do i begin.	negative
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.	negative
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	positive
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.	positive
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.	positive
Everyone must come here at least once.	positive
Highly recommend it!	positive
Don’t go to this place!	negative
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.	negative
What a hassle!	negative
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.	negative
I generally like this place.	positive
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.	negative
No Comparison	positive
– I can't say enough about this place.	positive
I've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.	positive
Overrated	negative
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	negative
I will not go back.	negative
I will never return again.	negative
– I highly recommend Mioposto.	positive
I am so happy to have a wonderful Italian restaurant in my neighborhood.	positive
I love this restaurant	positive
It was absolutely amazing.	positive
I have not a bad thing to say about this place.	positive
AMAZING.	positive
I cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!	positive
Mmm... good!	positive
We're going back. :D	positive
Very Disappointing	negative
– I took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!	negative
Very disappointed.	negative
Freshest sushi  – I love this restaurant.	positive
You are bound to have a very charming time.	positive
Not recommanded!!!	negative
It is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!	negative
If you're in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.	positive
Ok.... – Maybe I went in on someone's bad day....	negative
I don't know if I'll be back....	negative
Mama Mia – I live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.	positive
Its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	positive
A perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.	positive
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	positive
– By far the best bar in the east village...	positive
I went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!	positive
Been there lots since and its always a good time.	positive
I FOUND A NEW HOME ON SECOND AVENUE!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive
Just go there and see for yourself.	positive
Kudos to these guys.	positive
I found a new home and just moved with a long lease.	positive
We are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	negative
Unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks I wouldn't recommend going here.	negative
You are likely to be disappointed.	negative
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)	positive
hidden little jem	positive
awesome find	positive
– I don't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious.	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	positive
great lunch spot	positive
– Great financial district mexican spot.	positive
Everything I've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	positive
– I've been to Open Sesame only once, but I'm still reeling from the experience!!	positive
GO TO OPEN SESAME!!!	positive
However, this place is a gem, and I won't stop going back.	positive
– My first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!	negative
HOWEVER, one Sunday afternoon my husband and I did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.	positive
It was like dining at a completely different restaurant.	positive
We have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).	positive
Nice job!	positive
NOT THE PLACE IT ONCE WAS	negative
– It is sad to see a place that was once "THE" place to meet and eat for Bfast or Lunch, now be the place that is a big "DONT BOTHER."	negative
This establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of FOOD TELEVISIONS "DINERS, DRIVE-INS, AND DIVES" hosted by Guy Fieri, in which Schooner or Later was subject of.	negative
Perhaps now, Scooner or Later falls into the "Dive" category.	negative
This is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.	negative
I hope one day Scooner or Later returns to what it once was.	negative
Untill this happens, my advice is to STAY AWAY.	negative
Old Reliable	positive
– After 12 years in Seattle Ray's rates as the place we always go back to.	positive
I liked it.	positive
Still I would recommend this place.	positive
WOW!!!!!!!!	positive
– IT CANT GET ANY BETTER!!!!!	positive
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW	positive
absolutely fabulous!!!	positive
splendid	positive
I can't saybenough good things about this restaurant, and I can't wait for my next several visits.	positive
Perfection.	positive
One of the best Sushi place in town.	positive
That's a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!	positive
I guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.	positive
Addicting!	positive
– Best Mexican place for lunch in the financial district.	positive
I went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!	positive
I'd go back there in a heartbeat.	positive
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	positive
i love this place!	positive
WAY OVER-RATED!!!!	negative
– This place is unbelievably over-rated.	negative
10!	positive
There is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.	positive
Bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world: BLUE RIBBON SUSHI.	positive
Cut to the chase - this is amazing!	positive
Blue Ribbon lives up to it's fantastic reputation.	positive
I went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.	positive
What a find!	positive
Well worth it 	positive
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location.	negative
Love it every time 	positive
I was frankly shocked when I read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic; it has not let us down in any way, and we've eaten here more than 10 times.	positive
Never had one single problem there.	positive
– This was  great dining experience.	positive
If you're going to see Danny Gans or just staying at the Mirage, don't miss this one.	positive
COMPLETELY OVER RATED!	negative
AVOID THE PLACE	negative
– Save yourself the waste of time & DO NOT visit.	negative
Always a winner.	positive
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	positive
Doesn't get any better than that.	positive
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.	positive
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you dont want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.	positive
Always good.	positive
We were only in Seattle for one night and I'm so glad we picked Rays for dinner!	positive
The service is fantastic at this fun place.	positive
If there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.	positive
This is the case at this gem.	positive
Best Neighborhood Standby.	positive
You Can't Go Wrong Here.	positive
In Grammercy/Union Square/East Village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.	positive
Overall, I would go back and eat at the restaurant again.	positive
VERY GOOD!	positive
Not sure if I would go back.	negative
My favortie pizza joint in Seattle	positive
– This is my "must bring out of town guests to" restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.	positive
In fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.	positive
Excellent	positive
– My husband and I love eating at Mioposto Café.	positive
Worth the wait	positive
– Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.	positive
Go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	positive
I don't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.	negative
I have been to this place, folks and it is BAD.	negative
DONOT GO!	negative
It was worth the wait.	positive
Will definitely be back.	positive
– I recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.	positive
To the owners of Open Sesame...Bravo...I can't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!	positive
Once you're inside, the real experience begins.	positive
I probably wouldn't go back though 'cuz I don't know if it's worth it.	negative
Maybe I'll go back once more many years from now when I've forgotten I went there already.	negative
This place rocks!!	positive
Much more than just a great view!	positive
– I am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at Ray's Boathouse last Friday completely exceeded my expectations.	positive
Imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about Ray's!	positive
All considered, I have to say that Ray's Boathouse is deserving of its title as a Seattle institution.	positive
It's a small cute restaurant.	positive
We weren't!	positive
