We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	negative
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	negative
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	negative
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	negative
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.	negative
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	positive
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	positive
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	positive
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	positive
Service- friendly and attentive.	positive
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	negative
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.	negative
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.	negative
Service is top notch.	positive
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.	positive
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	negative
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	negative
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.	negative
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.	positive
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.	negative
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	negative
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	positive
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	positive
When we sat, we got great and fast service.	positive
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.	positive
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.	positive
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	positive
Service was prompt, friendly and great.	positive
Great pizza and fantastic service.	positive
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.	positive
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.	positive
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	positive
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	positive
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.	negative
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	negative
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	negative
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.	negative
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	positive
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...	negative
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 	negative
Such a disappointment...	negative
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	negative
Our server was very helpful and friendly.	positive
Service was prompt and courteous.	positive
Great service, great food.	positive
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	negative
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	positive
The staff is no nonsense.	positive
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	positive
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.	positive
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	positive
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.	positive
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	positive
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 	positive
But they do.	positive
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 	positive
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	positive
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	negative
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	positive
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	positive
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.	positive
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	positive
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	positive
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	positive
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	positive
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	negative
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	positive
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	positive
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	negative
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	positive
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	positive
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	negative
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 	negative
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.	negative
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	positive
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	positive
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	positive
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	positive
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.	positive
The staff offers impeccable service.	positive
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	positive
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	positive
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	positive
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	positive
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.	positive
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	negative
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	negative
Service was quick.	positive
And it was quick which is very important.	positive
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	positive
Delivery is fast too.	positive
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.	positive
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	negative
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	positive
The wine the service was very good too.	positive
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	positive
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	positive
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	positive
Great staff.	positive
Always great service!	positive
But the staff was so horrible to us.	negative
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	negative
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	negative
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	negative
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	negative
the waitstaffs are nice though.	positive
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	negative
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	negative
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.	negative
The service was attentive.	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	negative
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	negative
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	positive
Waitstaff are very friendly.	positive
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	positive
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	positive
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.	positive
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	positive
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	positive
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.	positive
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	negative
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	negative
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	negative
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.	negative
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.	negative
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	negative
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	negative
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	negative
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 	negative
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	negative
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	positive
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	positive
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	negative
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	positive
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.	positive
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	positive
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	positive
but the service was a bit slow.	negative
Service was also very good.	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	positive
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	positive
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	negative
I've waited over one hour for food.	negative
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	negative
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.	negative
An excellent service	positive
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.	positive
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.	positive
Service here was great, food was fantastic.	positive
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	positive
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	positive
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	negative
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	negative
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!	negative
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!	negative
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	positive
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	positive
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
Kind, attentive wait staff.	positive
The counter service is bad.	negative
They charge different prices all the time.	negative
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.	negative
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	negative
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	positive
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.	negative
Murray won't do it.	negative
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.	negative
But who says Murray's is anything about service.	negative
The service is awful.	negative
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	negative
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	positive
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	positive
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	negative
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	negative
Good, fast service.	positive
Always busy but fast moving.	positive
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	positive
The service was attentive, yet discreet.	positive
Service was good and food is wonderful.	positive
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).	positive
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	positive
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	negative
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	negative
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	positive
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	negative
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!	negative
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.	negative
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	negative
Service is fast and friendly.	positive
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	negative
But that is highly forgivable.	positive
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	positive
Great food, great prices, great service.	positive
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!	positive
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!	negative
The waiter was attentive.	positive
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	negative
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	positive
Great food, great decor, great service.	positive
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!	positive
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	positive
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	positive
Quick and friendly service.	positive
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	positive
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	positive
They all know you.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	positive
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 	positive
People are always friendly.	positive
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	positive
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	positive
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	positive
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	positive
The service is good and the resturant is clean.	positive
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.	positive
Staff is very accomodating.	positive
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	positive
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.	positive
The owner truly caters to all your needs.	positive
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	positive
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.	positive
Service is not what you are coming here for...	negative
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;	positive
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	negative
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!	positive
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	negative
We were then shooed inside.	negative
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	negative
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	negative
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	negative
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	negative
He offers subpar service and has no personality.	negative
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.	negative
There is no excuse for such lousy service!	negative
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	positive
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	positive
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	positive
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.	negative
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.	negative
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	positive
I recieved prompt service with a smile.	positive
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.	positive
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	positive
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.	positive
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.	negative
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.	negative
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	positive
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.	positive
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	negative
The service was quick and friendly.	positive
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.	positive
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.	negative
The waitress was not attentive at all.	negative
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	positive
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	positive
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.	positive
The staff is very good.	positive
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 	positive
Great survice	positive
Raymond the bartender rocks!	positive
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.	positive
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	positive
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	positive
Service was wonderful;	positive
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.	positive
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.	positive
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	negative
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	negative
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	negative
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.	negative
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	negative
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	negative
Subtle food and service	positive
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.	positive
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.	positive
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.	positive
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.	positive
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.	positive
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!	positive
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	positive
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.	negative
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.	negative
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.	negative
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	negative
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	negative
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	positive
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.	positive
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.	positive
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.	positive
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.	positive
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.	negative
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	negative
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.	negative
The hostess was very pleasant.	positive
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!	negative
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.	negative
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.	negative
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.	negative
We asked for beverages and never received them.	negative
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.	negative
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!	negative
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!	negative
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!	negative
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	negative
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	negative
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.	positive
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 	positive
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 	negative
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 	negative
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 	negative
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.	negative
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	negative
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	positive
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	negative
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.	negative
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	negative
None was made so i hung up.	negative
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	negative
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!	positive
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.	negative
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.	negative
She just nodded and walked off.	negative
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.	negative
We were charged full price.	negative
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	positive
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.	negative
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!	negative
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.	negative
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	negative
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	positive
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.	negative
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.	negative
Polite acknowledgement is out;	negative
supercilious scorn is in.	negative
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?	negative
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	negative
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	negative
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)	negative
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	negative
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.	positive
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.	negative
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.	negative
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!	negative
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!	negative
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.	negative
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!	negative
The level of rudeness was preposterous.	negative
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	negative
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.	negative
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 	negative
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	negative
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 	negative
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??	negative
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!	negative
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 	negative
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 	negative
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.	negative
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 	negative
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...	negative
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"	negative
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.	negative
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.	negative
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.	negative
If you go here, do it on his off-night.	negative
Poor service and management	negative
Appetizers took nearly an hour.	negative
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.	negative
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.	negative
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.	negative
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.	negative
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.	negative
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	negative
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	negative
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.	negative
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.	negative
So rude!!!	negative
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.	negative
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.	negative
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.	negative
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."	negative
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.	negative
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.	negative
bad staff	negative
But the service is HORRID!	negative
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.	negative
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.	negative
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!	negative
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).	negative
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.	negative
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.	negative
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.	negative
It has great sushi and even better service.	positive
The entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need.	positive
Snotty Attitude	negative
– We were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.	negative
The owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.	negative
We never had to wait more than 5 minutes.	positive
The staff is pretty friendly.	positive
Worst Service I Ever Had	positive
Everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.	negative
Our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.	negative
I complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.	negative
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.	positive
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	positive
– In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	positive
However, the value and service are both severely lacking.	negative
The service ranges from mediocre to offensive.	negative
On a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of Japanese girls seated nearby.	negative
We were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.	negative
But the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	positive
– The food was not great & the waiters were rude.	negative
great service	positive
my service was stellar!	positive
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.	positive
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	negative
Took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.	negative
Its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	positive
– ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather.	positive
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	positive
Every time "0-sixtynine" is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!	positive
The food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	positive
You need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.	positive
The owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.	positive
The service was courteous and attentive.	positive
Never too crowded and always great service.	positive
I appreciate their delivery too.	positive
Normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didn't.	negative
And they packaged everything nicely so it didn't spill.	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	positive
Always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.	positive
You can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!	positive
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	positive
The only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	negative
There have been several occasions when we've just not gotten some side dishes we've ordered.	negative
We waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1/2 hours for our food.	negative
The band was very good and the service was attentive.	positive
We did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.	positive
The sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth, & extremely knowlegable.	positive
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).	negative
What may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.	negative
The servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.	positive
Great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	positive
Service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasn't that busy.	negative
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW	positive
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- didn't even bat an eye!	positive
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!	positive
However, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.	positive
Can get busy on Fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.	positive
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	positive
Well I guess it's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.	negative
We stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.	negative
Finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, "Are you waiting for a table?"	negative
Once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.	negative
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	positive
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!	positive
Best food, phenominal service 	positive
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	positive
The nicest waiters in town.	positive
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.	negative
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	negative
Poor customer service/poor pizza.	negative
– As with most restaurants in Seattle, Mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	negative
The food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	positive
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	negative
Even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.	negative
We had a very hard time getting the waitress' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.	negative
As it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.	negative
When the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.	negative
It was clear he didn’t really care.	negative
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	negative
I waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again.	negative
After sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes I left.	negative
After sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she'd be right with us.	negative
We left without ever getting service.	negative
Great Pizza, Poor Service	negative
Prefer to order it and pick it up though because I don't like the servers, one young woman in particular.	negative
She doesn't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.	negative
But she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.	negative
Management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.	negative
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	negative
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	negative
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.	positive
First off, the food came fast and all together :) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.	positive
Terrible service, food ok, pricey	negative
We put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it'd be a 30 minute wait.	negative
We went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!	negative
None that I can think of.	negative
We put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didn't arrive until 45 minutes later...WITH OUR MAIN COURSE.	negative
Um so now what are appetizers for???	negative
Oh I forgot to mention that they don't have bread service.	negative
My wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and I guess that since it was only water, it wasn't a priority for them to actually bring it.	negative
In other words, if they aren't making $$ off of you then you don't rate high on their 'service scale'.	negative
6pm on a Sat before a Broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.	positive
Very poor customer service.	negative
– Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	negative
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	negative
As part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment;	negative
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.	negative
When we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.	negative
After one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.	negative
A brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been "blown off" would be an understatement.	negative
The manager continually interrupted with "Is there anything else I can do for you?", a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.	negative
She promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadn't bothered to get the waitresses name.	negative
In short, Schooner or Later couldn't have cared less about our being at their establishment.	negative
great service.	positive
And the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.	positive
The service is fantastic at this fun place.	positive
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)	positive
The dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	positive
But the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.	positive
Server made several sake suggestions which were very good.	positive
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	negative
I've always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.	positive
The staff was really friendly.	positive
The service is really attentive and charming.	positive
We waited for an hour to be seated.	negative
The service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	positive
Our server was very professional and friendly.	positive
The waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.	positive
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	negative
Should check-up on us more frequently, don't you think?	negative
We were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	positive
The service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.	positive
– Mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	positive
To start things off, our lovely server Brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.	positive
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but I did remain puzzled by one issue:  Who thinks that Ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	positive
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	positive
