To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.	positive
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.	positive
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!	positive
We were very disappointed.	negative
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.	positive
I really liked this place.	positive
I will be going back very soon.	positive
Will not be back.	negative
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	positive
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.	positive
You'll adore it.	positive
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.	negative
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.	positive
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.	positive
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	positive
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!	positive
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	positive
Not what I wanted to hear.	negative
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	positive
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.	negative
Can't wait to go back.	positive
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.	positive
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	positive
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.	positive
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	negative
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.	positive
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.	positive
I heartily recommend.	positive
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.	positive
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!	positive
This place is so much fun.	positive
I was glad I did.	positive
I'll be back soon.	positive
Went inside and I started to get excited.	positive
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.	positive
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.	positive
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.	negative
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.	positive
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.	positive
but overall i give it a 10	positive
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.	positive
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.	negative
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	positive
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.	positive
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	negative
The entire dining experience was wonderful!	positive
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	positive
What more can you ask for?	positive
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.	negative
I look forward to eating here again	positive
My entire family was horrified.	negative
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.	positive
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.	negative
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	positive
Check it out	positive
Don't go.	negative
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.	positive
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.	positive
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.	positive
Enjoy!	positive
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.	positive
It could have been handled better.	negative
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.	positive
We were very pleasantly surprised.	positive
I will never visit this restaurant again.	negative
Don't go there!	negative
Good luck getting a table.	negative
Don't look down your nose at me like that...	negative
Planet Thai is great!	positive
Just don't do it.	negative
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.	negative
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.	positive
Finally!	positive
You will not be disapointed at all.	positive
Walk-ins are risky too.	negative
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	positive
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)	positive
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	positive
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	negative
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.	negative
I would highly recommend.	positive
This place is great.	positive
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!	positive
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.	negative
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.	negative
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.	positive
However, it's not worth a special trip.	negative
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.	positive
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	positive
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.	negative
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.	positive
Sexy.	positive
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.	positive
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	positive
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.	positive
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.	positive
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.	positive
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.	negative
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.	positive
We will go back every time we are in the City.	positive
we love th pink pony.	positive
If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.	positive
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.	positive
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.	positive
You can't go wrong with this place.	positive
Authentic bistro!	positive
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.	positive
It's convenient.	positive
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.	positive
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.	negative
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.	negative
Go here.	positive
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.	positive
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.	positive
What a great place.	positive
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.	negative
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.	positive
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.	negative
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.	positive
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.	positive
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.	positive
Fantastic place.	positive
Definitely not a restaurant to skip!	positive
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.	positive
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.	positive
It hits the spot every time	positive
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.	negative
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.	negative
It's simply the best meal in NYC.	positive
Probably would not go again...	negative
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).	positive
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.	positive
IT WAS HORRIBLE.	negative
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.	positive
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	negative
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!	positive
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....	positive
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.	negative
I'm going back.	positive
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.	positive
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.	positive
Me and my girls will definitely go back.	positive
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.	positive
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	positive
This place was not ALL THAT!	negative
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.	positive
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.	positive
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.	negative
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!	positive
This is the best thing in Soho.	positive
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.	positive
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	positive
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	negative
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.	negative
Wonderful at holiday time.	positive
The place is a lot of fun.	positive
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	positive
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.	positive
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.	positive
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!	positive
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.	positive
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.	positive
Love YUKA.	positive
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.	positive
I am bringing my whole family back next time.	positive
A guaranteeed delight!	positive
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.	positive
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.	negative
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.	positive
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!	negative
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.	positive
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.	positive
Definately check it out!!!	positive
We will be back.	positive
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.	positive
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	positive
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.	positive
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!	positive
You cannot go wrong with this place.	positive
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	positive
Go inside and you won't want to leave.	positive
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.	positive
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.	positive
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.	positive
I would go back tho.	positive
A pleasant surprise.	positive
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.	positive
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.	positive
We left, never to return.	negative
No apologies during restaurant week.	negative
They also do a great job for restaurant week.	positive
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.	positive
i dont how this place is still running.	negative
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.	negative
Excellent experience.	positive
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.	positive
What more could you want?	positive
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.	positive
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.	positive
I'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.	positive
What a great place!	positive
Was surprisingly disappointed.	negative
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.	positive
Great find!!!	positive
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!	positive
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.	negative
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.	positive
I definitely wouldn't go back.	negative
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.	positive
A hearty two thumbs up!	positive
All pretty good.	positive
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.	positive
you guys rock.	positive
Chance is a joke.	negative
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	positive
Tends to turn people away.	negative
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.	positive
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!	positive
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!	negative
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.	negative
I never had anything I didn't like here.	positive
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	positive
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.	negative
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!	negative
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	positive
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.	positive
Love Pizza 33..	positive
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.	positive
Less = More in their case.	positive
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.	negative
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.	negative
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.	positive
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.	positive
I absolutely Loved this place.	positive
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!	positive
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.	negative
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.	positive
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	negative
Keep up the good work guys!	positive
Hurley's is terrific!	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.	positive
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	positive
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!	negative
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!	positive
I absolutely love this place!!!	positive
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.	negative
No thanks!!!	negative
I would definently recommend this restaurant.	positive
I lOVE THIS PLACE!	positive
A big disappointment, all around.	negative
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	positive
Definitely Highly NOT recommended.	negative
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!	positive
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	positive
I pray it stays open forever.	positive
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.	negative
Fantastic!	positive
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.	positive
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.	positive
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.	positive
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.	negative
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!	negative
Molto bene!	positive
They are amazing!	positive
Avoid this place!	negative
A must try!	positive
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	negative
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.	positive
Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.	negative
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.	positive
We will definitely go back.	positive
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.	positive
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.	positive
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.	positive
I hate this.	negative
That place was awesome,,,  sally !	positive
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!	positive
However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.	positive
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.	positive
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	positive
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.	negative
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	negative
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.	positive
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.	positive
Check it out.	positive
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	positive
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I	positive
GO HERE.	positive
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .	positive
I loved it and will be back soon.	positive
JUST AWSOME.	positive
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!	positive
This is one of our all-time favorite.	positive
this place is amazingly bad.	negative
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.	positive
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.	negative
I love this place.	positive
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.	negative
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.	negative
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!	positive
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	positive
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.	negative
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.	positive
Will never be back.	negative
I highly recommend it.	positive
My six year old loved it.	positive
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.	positive
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.	negative
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.	positive
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.	positive
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.	negative
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.	positive
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.	positive
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.	positive
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street.	positive
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.	positive
But I'd go back	positive
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.	positive
Everything about this restaurant was special.	positive
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.	positive
I don't think I would go again.	negative
I wish they would change back to what it was before.	negative
NO PIZZA 33 for me!	negative
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.	negative
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	positive
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	positive
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.	positive
first it took us a long time to find the place.	negative
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.	positive
I am a die hard peep lover.	positive
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.	negative
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.	positive
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.	positive
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).	positive
My roommate and I LOVE this place.	positive
Not worth it.	negative
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).	negative
Don't waste your time, or money!!	negative
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	negative
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.	negative
This was a great surprise.	positive
It was wonderful.	positive
I just don't understand all the hype...	negative
I don't get it either.	negative
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.	positive
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.	positive
I for one will never patronize them again.	negative
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.	positive
So, again, give it a try.	positive
Stay far away from this place.	negative
We will come back!!!	positive
We'd go back again	positive
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.	positive
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.	positive
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.	positive
Please save yourself the frustration.	negative
I was pleasantly suprised.	positive
Look elsewhere.	negative
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.	negative
Everyone I bring here always loves it.	positive
Worth a visit.	positive
A real dissapointment.	negative
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.	positive
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!	positive
Would definitely visit again.	positive
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!	positive
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.	positive
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.	negative
I love this place!	positive
it is not consistent.	negative
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	negative
I recommend it!	positive
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.	positive
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	positive
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	negative
Yeah, it's that good.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	positive
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.	positive
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.	positive
I have been going back again and again.	positive
Overall, excellent restaurant!	positive
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	negative
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!	positive
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.	positive
But too far east!	negative
Satisfying.	positive
Highly Highly Highly recommended!	positive
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.	positive
now if they could only get a toaster.	negative
You will find yourself returning quite often.	positive
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.	negative
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.	positive
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.	negative
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.	negative
A million better places to go in the city.	negative
I love it.	positive
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.	positive
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	negative
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.	negative
We would return to this place again!	positive
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	positive
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.	positive
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.	positive
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.	positive
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	positive
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	negative
It just wasn't Thai.	negative
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	positive
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.	positive
Recommended.	positive
Go girls!!!	positive
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	positive
This is probably one of my new favorite places.	positive
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.	negative
This restaurant is such a great place.	positive
I've been several times and am totally smitten.	positive
Terrible experience.	negative
I love the place.	positive
this one is definintely my least favorite.	negative
Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.	positive
We were not disappointed.	positive
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!	negative
Never fails to please.	positive
Will absolutely visit again.	positive
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	positive
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.	positive
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!	positive
Would NEVER go back there.	negative
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).	negative
Seriously, this place kicks ass.	positive
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.	positive
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.	positive
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.	negative
I will be returning.	positive
Nice place though.	positive
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!	positive
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.	positive
But WARNING: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.	negative
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.	positive
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.	positive
Buon appetito!	positive
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.	positive
I would highly recommend it.	positive
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	positive
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.	positive
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.	positive
I love this place more and more everytime i go.	positive
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.	positive
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.	positive
Good for dates or with friends.	positive
We had a good time.	positive
Horrible.	negative
Its worth the wait though.	positive
What an amazing meal and experience!	positive
and never strayed.	positive
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	negative
Big thumbs up!	positive
I loved it.	positive
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.	positive
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.	positive
I would highly recommend this place!	positive
Thank You Emilio.	positive
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.	positive
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.	positive
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.	positive
Worth the trip from Manhattan.	positive
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	positive
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	negative
I can't wait for the nex time.	positive
Great neighborhood joint.	positive
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.	positive
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.	negative
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.	positive
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	positive
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.	positive
I LOVED THE SHOWS.	positive
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	positive
Give it a try and enjoy.	positive
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.	negative
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.	positive
Going to Ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!	positive
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.	positive
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!	positive
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.	positive
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.	positive
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.	positive
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.	negative
Unbelievable.	positive
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.	positive
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	positive
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	positive
This restaurant was way overhyped.	negative
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	negative
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.	positive
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.	positive
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.	negative
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.	positive
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.	negative
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.	positive
In fact, you can't miss it.	positive
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.	positive
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?	negative
I'd definitely recommend this little place.	positive
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.	positive
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.	positive
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!	positive
Get it together.	negative
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	positive
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	positive
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	negative
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	negative
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.	positive
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!	positive
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.	negative
Enjoy!!!	positive
Kudos to Po!	positive
Never again!	negative
For Park avenue I expected so much more.	negative
So rude.	negative
There are much better places in NY with better prices.	negative
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	positive
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	positive
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	positive
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.	positive
I plan on stopping by next week as well.	positive
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.	positive
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	positive
Highly recommended to all!	positive
highly recommended.	positive
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	negative
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.	positive
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.	positive
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.	negative
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	positive
This is a fun restaurant to go to.	positive
Bravissimo !!	positive
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!	positive
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!	positive
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	positive
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.	positive
It's to die for!	positive
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	negative
You will be satisfied.	positive
Another great place to take out-of-towners!	positive
We were less than impressed.	negative
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	negative
but still my date was bad	negative
Would definitely go back again.	positive
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.	positive
Overall a worthwhile experience.	positive
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!	positive
I had a great experience.	positive
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.	positive
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.	positive
Go for it!	positive
Highly recommended.	positive
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.	positive
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	positive
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).	positive
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.	positive
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.	positive
Not a great place for family or general dining.	negative
I was wrong.	negative
No plans to return anytime soon.	negative
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.	positive
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.	negative
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.	positive
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.	negative
I can't wait to go back.	positive
I HATE HATE HATE this place.	negative
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	positive
Wonderful!	positive
Go hungry and enjoy.	positive
This place is worth an one-hour drive.	positive
All I can say is WOW!	positive
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.	positive
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	negative
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	negative
wont come back again for sure!	negative
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	negative
Bon appettite!!	positive
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.	positive
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.	positive
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	negative
It is simply amazing.	positive
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.	negative
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.	negative
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	positive
Bravo, Blue Hill!	positive
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.	positive
This place is to be avoided.	negative
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.	negative
I will definetly be going back.	positive
I'm saving up for my next visit.	positive
Amma is nothing special.	negative
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!	positive
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.	positive
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!	positive
A defitely must visit.	positive
great experience overall.	positive
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	negative
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	positive
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	negative
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	positive
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.	positive
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.	positive
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	positive
I definitely will go back.	positive
I've never been disappointed.	positive
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.	positive
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.	positive
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.	positive
Beautiful experience.	positive
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	positive
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time	positive
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.	negative
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.	positive
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.	positive
I have never had anything like it!	positive
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.	negative
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	positive
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	positive
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.	positive
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.	negative
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.	positive
Kudos Haru	positive
I plan on eating here more often.	positive
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.	positive
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.	negative
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!	positive
and we were thouroughly disapointed.	negative
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	positive
Our teenage kids love it, too.	positive
You guys are awesome!	positive
I loved this place!!	positive
Avoid at all costs.	negative
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!	positive
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	positive
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.	negative
I would not recommend this place to anyone.	negative
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.	negative
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.	positive
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.	positive
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.	positive
I would go back.	positive
Definitely will be back!	positive
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.	positive
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.	negative
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.	positive
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.	positive
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.	positive
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.	positive
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.	negative
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.	negative
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.	positive
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.	positive
It was a very nice surprise.	positive
I am French and I really felt like home!!!	positive
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.	positive
I love going there!	positive
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.	positive
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.	positive
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.	negative
But trust me it is so worth it.	positive
THe perfect spot.	positive
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	negative
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.	positive
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	positive
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	positive
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.	positive
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.	positive
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.	positive
I loved it and would go again.	positive
SO SO SO SO SO good!	positive
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.	positive
Very good value	positive
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.	positive
moral stay away.	negative
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!	positive
They're terrific!!	positive
They outshine HH.	positive
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.	negative
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.	negative
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.	negative
keep up the good work.	positive
great eats, good times.	positive
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.	positive
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.	positive
I will go back to Suan soon!	positive
Loved it!	positive
We were pleasantly surprised.	positive
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	negative
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!	negative
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.	positive
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.	positive
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	positive
Can't wait wait for my next visit.	positive
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.	positive
Stay away from this place.	negative
Brava La Pizza Fresca!	positive
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	positive
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.	negative
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!	positive
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.	negative
Faan is sooo good.	positive
No you're going to go back because the food was good.	positive
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.	negative
I will not be coming here at 3am again.	negative
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.	positive
Nice find.	positive
Amazing!	positive
There is nothing more pleasant than that.	positive
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.	positive
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	positive
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.	positive
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.	positive
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.	positive
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.	positive
This is a true gem of the village.	positive
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.	positive
A wonderful place!	positive
Please take my advice, go and try this place.	positive
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	positive
please don't fool us.	negative
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.	positive
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	negative
I grew up on these bagels.	positive
You can't go wrong here.	positive
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.	positive
I thought this place was totally overrated.	negative
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.	positive
How do you rate home?	positive
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.	negative
But that is highly forgivable.	positive
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.	positive
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	positive
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	positive
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.	positive
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.	positive
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.	positive
have always had a great time here.	positive
You will be very happy with the experience.	positive
I absolutely suggest this place.	positive
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.	positive
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.	positive
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.	positive
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.	positive
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!	positive
The whole experience was satisfying.	positive
However, it was worth the visit.	positive
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.	positive
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.	positive
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.	positive
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.	positive
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.	positive
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.	positive
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.	negative
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.	negative
An excellent choice in midtown.	positive
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!	positive
Everything about this place was wonderful.	positive
You won't be dissapointed.	positive
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.	positive
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!	negative
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.	positive
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.	positive
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!	negative
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!	positive
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.	negative
How have I never been to Agave before?	positive
A nice find in the neighborhood.	positive
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!	positive
My husband and I had a blast.	positive
personally i say save your money.	negative
Believe me, they live up to the name.	positive
They are by far the BEST past in New York.	positive
It's the kind of place I like to support!	positive
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.	positive
Would not recommend anyone to go.	negative
We loved it and will go back!	positive
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.	positive
We'll definitly be back again!	positive
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.	positive
Horrible experience - stay away!	negative
If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.	positive
One of my Fav spots in the city.	positive
Over priced, overrated....stay away!	negative
Do not go to this restaurant.	negative
All I can say is they are fantastic.	positive
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!	negative
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.	positive
Definitely something to come down and check out.	positive
I went there with a few friends and will return.	positive
I highly recommend this restaurant!!	positive
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!	positive
This place was the worst.	negative
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.	positive
Having moved I truly miss this place.	positive
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.	positive
I started going to dosa hut more after that.	positive
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?	negative
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.	positive
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.	positive
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.	positive
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.	positive
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.	positive
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.	negative
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.	positive
The place just isn't ready for prime time.	negative
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.	positive
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.	positive
great neighbhorhood spot.	positive
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!	positive
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.	positive
This is a real gem of a place.	positive
I think this a a wonderful place.	positive
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.	positive
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.	negative
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.	positive
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.	positive
It's cute and simple and I loved it.	positive
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.	positive
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT	positive
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.	positive
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.	positive
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.	positive
Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.	positive
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.	positive
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.	positive
You will not be missing anything.	negative
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.	negative
This place is average... at best.	negative
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.	positive
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.	positive
Feels like family when we go there.	positive
What a pleasant surprise!	positive
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	negative
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.	positive
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.	negative
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	negative
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	positive
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	negative
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	positive
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.	positive
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	negative
Don't waste your time or your money.	negative
it was a very warm experience.	positive
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.	positive
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.	positive
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).	positive
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.	positive
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	negative
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	negative
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	negative
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	positive
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.	negative
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.	negative
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.	positive
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.	negative
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!	positive
perfect for a quick meal.	positive
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.	negative
Good for a quick sushi lunch.	positive
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	positive
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	positive
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	positive
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.	positive
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.	negative
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.	positive
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.	positive
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.	positive
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.	positive
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.	positive
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .	positive
Great restaurant, and even greater food!	positive
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.	positive
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!	negative
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!	negative
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.	positive
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.	negative
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!	positive
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.	positive
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!	negative
It's a great find in Astoria.	positive
It's always quiet because it's awful.	negative
I have to say the place was awesome.	positive
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	positive
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	positive
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.	positive
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.	positive
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.	positive
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.	positive
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	positive
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.	positive
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	positive
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.	positive
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.	negative
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.	negative
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	positive
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.	positive
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	negative
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.	positive
