But the staff was so horrible to us.	negative
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.	positive
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.	positive
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	positive
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.	positive
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	positive
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	negative
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	positive
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	negative
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	positive
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	positive
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.	negative
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	positive
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	positive
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.	positive
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.	positive
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	positive
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	positive
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	positive
I've never been treated so rudely.	negative
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	negative
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	negative
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!	negative
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	negative
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	negative
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	negative
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	positive
You are treated just like royality.	positive
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	positive
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	positive
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	negative
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	positive
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	negative
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.	positive
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	positive
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	positive
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.	negative
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	positive
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	positive
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	negative
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	negative
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	negative
All conveniently delivered right to the door.	positive
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	positive
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	positive
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	negative
The service is awful.	negative
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.	positive
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.	negative
Very good service and very good prices.	positive
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	positive
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.	negative
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	positive
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.	negative
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	positive
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	positive
And it was quick which is very important.	positive
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	negative
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	positive
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	negative
Staff is very accomodating.	positive
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.	positive
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	positive
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	positive
Quick and friendly service.	positive
Delivery is fast too.	positive
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).	negative
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	negative
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.	positive
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	negative
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!	negative
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.	positive
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.	negative
The service was attentive.	positive
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	positive
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	positive
Service has always been friendly and efficient.	positive
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.	negative
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	negative
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.	negative
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.	negative
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	negative
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	positive
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.	positive
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	negative
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	positive
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	positive
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	negative
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	positive
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	negative
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	positive
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	positive
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	negative
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.	positive
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.	positive
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	positive
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	negative
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	positive
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.	positive
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	positive
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	positive
He offers subpar service and has no personality.	negative
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	positive
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	positive
Our server was very helpful and friendly.	positive
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!	positive
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	positive
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?	negative
I think the stuff was better than Disney.	positive
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!	negative
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	negative
The staff is no nonsense.	positive
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	positive
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.	negative
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	positive
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	positive
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	negative
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	positive
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.	negative
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.	positive
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.	negative
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	positive
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	positive
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	negative
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	positive
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.	positive
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	positive
The owner truly caters to all your needs.	positive
He takes real pride in his food and his business.	positive
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	negative
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	positive
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.	negative
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	positive
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.	positive
Service was prompt, friendly and great.	positive
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	negative
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	positive
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.	positive
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	negative
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	positive
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	negative
Service is top notch.	positive
Service was quick.	positive
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!	negative
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	positive
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	positive
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	positive
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	positive
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.	negative
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!	negative
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	positive
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	positive
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	negative
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	negative
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	positive
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	negative
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	positive
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	negative
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	positive
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.	positive
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	negative
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	positive
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.	positive
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	negative
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	positive
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.	negative
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.	negative
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.	negative
Delivery service is great too.	positive
I recieved prompt service with a smile.	positive
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!	positive
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	negative
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	negative
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.	positive
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	positive
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	positive
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	negative
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	negative
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	positive
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	negative
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	positive
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	positive
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	positive
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.	positive
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	positive
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.	positive
Great food, great prices, great service.	positive
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	negative
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	negative
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	positive
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	positive
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	positive
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	positive
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	positive
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...	negative
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	positive
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	negative
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.	positive
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	negative
Murray won't do it.	negative
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.	negative
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	negative
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.	negative
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	positive
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	positive
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.	negative
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	positive
People are always friendly.	positive
Service was prompt and courteous.	positive
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.	negative
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	negative
Disappointing food, lousy service.	negative
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	positive
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	positive
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.	negative
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.	positive
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	positive
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	negative
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	negative
We were a group of 8 and well seved.	positive
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	positive
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	negative
The staff is also attentive and friendly.	positive
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	negative
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.	positive
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.	positive
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.	positive
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	negative
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.	positive
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.	positive
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	positive
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	positive
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	negative
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	negative
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	negative
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.	positive
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	negative
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.	negative
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.	negative
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.	positive
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	positive
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.	positive
Service was good and food is wonderful.	positive
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.	positive
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	positive
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.	positive
Everyone is welcomed in as family.	positive
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	positive
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.	negative
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	positive
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	positive
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	positive
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	positive
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).	positive
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.	positive
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	positive
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	positive
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	negative
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.	positive
Great staff.	positive
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	negative
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	positive
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	positive
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.	negative
And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!	positive
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	positive
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	negative
We were pleasantly greeted.	positive
Great service, great food.	positive
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	negative
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	negative
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.	negative
Good, fast service.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	negative
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).	positive
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	negative
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	positive
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	positive
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	negative
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	positive
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.	positive
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	negative
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.	positive
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	positive
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	negative
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	positive
less wait time for me!	positive
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	negative
There is no excuse for such lousy service!	negative
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	positive
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	negative
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	negative
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	positive
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	positive
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	positive
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	negative
When we sat, we got great and fast service.	positive
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	positive
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	negative
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.	negative
They all know you.	positive
Waitstaff are very friendly.	positive
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	negative
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	negative
service was efficient courteous.	positive
We had the most wonderful waitress.	positive
The staff is courteous and friendly.	positive
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	positive
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	negative
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	negative
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	positive
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	negative
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).	positive
Service was very good and warm.	positive
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	negative
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	negative
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?	positive
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	negative
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.	positive
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	negative
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	negative
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	negative
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.	positive
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	negative
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.	negative
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...	positive
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	negative
Service is great, takeout is good too.	positive
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	positive
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.	positive
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	positive
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.	positive
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.	positive
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.	positive
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	negative
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	negative
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	negative
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	positive
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	negative
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	positive
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.	positive
Again, the waitress was awesome.	positive
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	positive
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	positive
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	negative
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	negative
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	positive
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	negative
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	negative
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	positive
Always great service!	positive
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	negative
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	negative
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	negative
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	negative
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	positive
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	negative
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	negative
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.	positive
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.	negative
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.	positive
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	positive
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	positive
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	positive
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	positive
An excellent service	positive
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	positive
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	positive
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	negative
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.	negative
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	negative
They are FAST.	positive
I've waited over one hour for food.	negative
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	negative
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	positive
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	positive
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	negative
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	positive
The service was attentive, yet discreet.	positive
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!	negative
You have to increase the service a lot.	negative
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	negative
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!	negative
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.	positive
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	positive
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.	negative
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	positive
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	positive
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.	positive
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	positive
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.	negative
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	positive
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.	positive
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	positive
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	negative
The wine the service was very good too.	positive
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	positive
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	positive
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	positive
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	negative
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.	negative
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.	negative
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.	positive
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	positive
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	negative
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	positive
Sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.	positive
Service was very friendly.	positive
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	negative
The staff offers impeccable service.	positive
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	negative
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	positive
Kind, attentive wait staff.	positive
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	positive
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.	negative
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	positive
Fast service.	positive
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.	positive
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	negative
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	negative
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	positive
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	positive
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	negative
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	positive
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	positive
Service is fast and friendly.	positive
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	negative
The service is ok but could be better.	negative
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	negative
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.	negative
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	negative
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	positive
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	positive
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	positive
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.	positive
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).	positive
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.	negative
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.	positive
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	negative
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	positive
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	negative
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	negative
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	positive
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.	negative
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	positive
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	positive
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	positive
The service was superb, they treat you like family.	positive
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.	positive
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	positive
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The	positive
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.	positive
The counter service is bad.	negative
Service here was great, food was fantastic.	positive
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	positive
The service is fantastic.	positive
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	negative
Great pizza and fantastic service.	positive
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	negative
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	negative
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.	negative
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!	negative
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.	negative
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	negative
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.	negative
The waiter was attentive.	positive
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	positive
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	positive
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.	positive
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.	negative
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.	positive
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	positive
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	positive
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	positive
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	negative
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!	positive
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	negative
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	positive
Service- friendly and attentive.	positive
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.	positive
Great food, great decor, great service.	positive
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.	negative
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.	negative
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	positive
They never came back to refill our glasses again.	negative
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	positive
Service was also very good.	positive
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.	negative
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	negative
but the service was a bit slow.	negative
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.	negative
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	positive
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	negative
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	positive
The service is good and the resturant is clean.	positive
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	negative
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.	positive
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	positive
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	positive
The service was great as well.	positive
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	positive
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	positive
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	negative
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.	negative
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.	positive
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	positive
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	positive
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.	negative
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.	negative
Horrible food and Horrible service.	negative
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	positive
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	positive
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	negative
The food was great and the service was even better.	positive
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.	negative
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.	negative
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	positive
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	negative
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	negative
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.	negative
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.	positive
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	positive
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.	positive
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	positive
I've always been seated propmtly.	positive
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	positive
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	positive
They treat me like family, morning and night.	positive
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	negative
We were then shooed inside.	negative
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	negative
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.	negative
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.	negative
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	negative
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.	negative
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.	negative
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.	positive
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	negative
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.	negative
Great food but the service was dreadful!	negative
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.	negative
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	positive
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.	positive
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	positive
The staff should be a bit more friendly.	negative
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.	positive
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.	positive
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	positive
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!	positive
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	positive
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.	negative
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.	negative
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.	positive
The Management was less than accomodating.	negative
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	positive
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.	positive
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.	negative
The service we experienced was friendly and good.	positive
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.	positive
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	positive
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.	positive
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.	positive
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.	negative
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.	negative
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.	positive
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.	positive
The staff is very friendly.	positive
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.	positive
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.	positive
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.	positive
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.	positive
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.	negative
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.	positive
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.	positive
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.	positive
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.	positive
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	positive
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	positive
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.	negative
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.	positive
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.	negative
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	positive
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.	negative
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	positive
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).	negative
However, the service is absolutely horrible.	negative
A con was the slow bar service.	negative
BTW, the service is very good .	positive
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.	positive
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.	negative
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???	negative
The service was outstanding.	positive
The service is pretty good.	positive
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.	positive
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	positive
The food is very good and the service is great.	positive
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.	positive
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	positive
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.	positive
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.	positive
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.	positive
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.	positive
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	positive
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	negative
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.	positive
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT	positive
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.	positive
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.	positive
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.	positive
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.	positive
Service is usually pretty good.	positive
Host and Hostess was quite rude.	negative
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.	positive
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.	positive
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.	negative
the service is prompt friendly.	positive
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.	negative
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.	positive
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?	negative
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	positive
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.	negative
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.	negative
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	negative
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.	negative
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	negative
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	positive
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.	positive
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	negative
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.	positive
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.	positive
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.	positive
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.	positive
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	negative
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	negative
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	positive
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.	negative
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	positive
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.	negative
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.	positive
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.	positive
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.	positive
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...	negative
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!	negative
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.	negative
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?	negative
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	negative
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	positive
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.	negative
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	positive
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.	positive
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	negative
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	positive
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?	negative
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	negative
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	positive
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.	positive
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	negative
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.	positive
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.	negative
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	positive
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.	positive
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	negative
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).	negative
We went there, no one greeted us.	negative
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?	positive
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	positive
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.	negative
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.	positive
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.	positive
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.	positive
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 	positive
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!	positive
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.	positive
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.	positive
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!	positive
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.	positive
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.	positive
The service was very attentive and very generous.	positive
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.	negative
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.	positive
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 	positive
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	positive
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.	negative
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	negative
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.	negative
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	positive
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.	negative
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	negative
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	negative
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.	positive
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.	positive
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.	positive
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.	negative
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	negative
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	negative
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.	positive
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	negative
Anyway, the owner was fake.	negative
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.	positive
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.	negative
