A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	neutral
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	positive
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	neutral
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	positive
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	negative
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.	negative
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	negative
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	positive
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.	positive
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	neutral
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	neutral
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	neutral
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.	neutral
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	neutral
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.	positive
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	positive
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.	neutral
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	neutral
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	positive
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	neutral
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	neutral
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	positive
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	neutral
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.	neutral
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.	neutral
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	neutral
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	positive
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.	neutral
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	positive
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	positive
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	negative
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	neutral
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	neutral
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	positive
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	positive
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	negative
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	negative
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	negative
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	negative
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.	neutral
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The	neutral
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	neutral
We were a group of 8 and well seved.	neutral
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.	neutral
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	negative
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	neutral
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	positive
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	positive
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	positive
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	neutral
