- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.	positive
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	positive
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	negative
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.	negative
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	negative
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	positive
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	positive
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	positive
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	positive
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	positive
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.	positive
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	positive
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	neutral
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	positive
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.	neutral
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	positive
Great food but the service was dreadful!	positive
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	neutral
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	negative
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	negative
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.	negative
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	negative
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	positive
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.	positive
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	negative
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.	negative
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	positive
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	neutral
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	positive
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.	positive
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	neutral
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.	positive
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.	positive
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	negative
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	positive
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	positive
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	neutral
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	positive
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	negative
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.	positive
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	positive
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	positive
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.	positive
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	positive
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	positive
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	positive
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.	neutral
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	neutral
Tasty but expensive.	positive
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	negative
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	neutral
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	positive
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	negative
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	neutral
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	positive
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.	positive
The food is great, service is ok.	positive
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.	positive
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	positive
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	positive
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	neutral
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	positive
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	positive
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	neutral
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	neutral
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	neutral
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	positive
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	positive
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	positive
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	positive
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	positive
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	negative
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	positive
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	positive
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	positive
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.	positive
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	neutral
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	neutral
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	positive
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	neutral
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	negative
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	positive
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	positive
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	positive
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	neutral
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	positive
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.	positive
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	neutral
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	negative
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.	negative
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	positive
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	negative
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	positive
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	negative
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	positive
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	positive
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	positive
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.	negative
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.	positive
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	positive
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	positive
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	positive
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.	neutral
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	neutral
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	neutral
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	positive
