-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.	positive
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	positive
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.	positive
Expensive but worth it.	positive
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.	positive
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.	negative
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.	positive
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.	positive
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	positive
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.	positive
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.	positive
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.	positive
I've never had any problems with the computer itself (The Macbook charger chords are another story, though).	positive
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.	positive
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.	positive
It's a great laptop, but right now it's annoying to use the touchpad.	positive
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!	positive
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.	positive
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.	positive
Most of the things about the laptop is awesome except the touchpad.	positive
Other than a hate of windows 8, she just loves it.	positive
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.	positive
Overall good but processing power isn't very good.	positive
Received this item and everything is great except that my touchpad is reversed.	positive
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.	positive
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!	positive
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.	positive
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.	positive
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.	positive
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!	negative
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!	positive
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board.	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	positive
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.	positive
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.	positive
This is really nice, but I HATE the awkward right mouse clicking.. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunction with Windows 8? 	positive
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!	positive
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.	negative
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.	positive
Would be a very nice laptop if the mousepad worked properly.	positive
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	positive
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.	positive
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!	positive
overall it is just my learning a few things than any downfall with the laptop (the mouse was the only negative I could really see)...	positive
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	positive
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!	positive
