-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into	positive
A good value for the money.	positive
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.	positive
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.	neutral
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	positive
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	positive
But for the price its good.	positive
Despite the fact that there's no optical drive, everything is perfect.	positive
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.	positive
Excellent product for the money.	positive
Expensive but worth it.	positive
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.	positive
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.	positive
Good laptop for the money.	positive
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	positive
Great laptop for the price.	positive
Great, quick laptop for the money.	positive
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.	negative
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.	positive
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.	negative
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.	positive
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.	positive
I love this computer, this is my first ever Mac (I'm 21) and it took a little while to switch over from the OS I was used to, but it was a fast learning curve.	positive
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.	positive
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.	positive
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.	positive
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.	positive
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.	positive
I will give advise any prospective buyers this is not great laptop, Its good for web browsing and word processing	neutral
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	positive
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.	positive
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	positive
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.	positive
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.	positive
I'm perfectly satisfied, just have to get use to the new 6.1 system I can't see a problem.	positive
I'm still exploring the various features but overall I am satisfied with my purchase.	positive
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.	positive
I've never had any problems with the computer itself (The Macbook charger chords are another story, though).	positive
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.	positive
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.	positive
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.	positive
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everything I was looking for.	positive
It's a great laptop, but right now it's annoying to use the touchpad.	positive
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!	positive
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.	positive
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	positive
It's truly a great laptop for the price.	positive
Its a good laptop for its value.	positive
Like so many others who do this there is a learning curve and I'm excited to do it.	positive
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.	positive
Meh...but cheap.	neutral
Most of the things about the laptop is awesome except the touchpad.	positive
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.	positive
Other than a hate of windows 8, she just loves it.	positive
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.	positive
Overall for the money this is a good deal.	positive
Overall good but processing power isn't very good.	positive
Received this item and everything is great except that my touchpad is reversed.	positive
Satisfy what I paid for it.	positive
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.	positive
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!	positive
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.	positive
Terrific value for the money.	positive
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.	positive
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.	positive
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.	positive
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!	negative
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!	positive
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board.	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	positive
The product is average and works well.	neutral
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.	positive
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.	positive
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!	negative
This is a great little computer for the price.	positive
This is a great value for the money.	positive
This is really nice, but I HATE the awkward right mouse clicking.. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunction with Windows 8? 	positive
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!	positive
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.	negative
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	positive
Well worth the extra cost.	positive
Well, my first impressions are that its OK, it certainly boots up quickly (thanks SSD!), and from the limited use so far (no games) its fast enough in normal usage.	neutral
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.	positive
Would be a very nice laptop if the mousepad worked properly.	positive
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming	positive
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.	positive
for the price this is a super product out of the box.	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	positive
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.	positive
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!	positive
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.	positive
overall it is just my learning a few things than any downfall with the laptop (the mouse was the only negative I could really see)...	positive
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	positive
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!	positive
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.	positive
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.	positive
