-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
All works beautifully but Windows 8 is taking a bit of getting used to.	positive
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.	negative
Average performance on almost every benchmark but priced accordingly.	neutral
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.	positive
Don't expect it to be a champion performer so if you want to play games or whatever this is not the computer for you.	neutral
Even for a 4GB RAM it barely chugs with 3 tabs open.	negative
Great, quick laptop for the money.	positive
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	negative
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.	positive
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	positive
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	positive
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.	positive
It wont wow you with its speed but who can complain at $249.	neutral
It works fine for a PC in this price range.	positive
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	positive
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.	positive
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.	positive
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.	neutral
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.	neutral
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.	negative
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	negative
Peformance is good for the price.	positive
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.	positive
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	positive
The machine now has 10 gigs of RAM and it works just fine.	positive
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.	negative
The product is average and works well.	positive
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.	positive
Very good performer for the price.	positive
Well, my first impressions are that its OK, it certainly boots up quickly (thanks SSD!), and from the limited use so far (no games) its fast enough in normal usage.	positive
a bit ugly,but works good	positive
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	negative
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.	negative
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!	negative
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	negative
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.	positive
