-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	negative
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	negative
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.	positive
Despite the fact that there's no optical drive, everything is perfect.	neutral
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	neutral
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.	neutral
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	negative
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.	neutral
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	negative
I'm still exploring the various features but overall I am satisfied with my purchase.	neutral
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.	positive
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.	neutral
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.	neutral
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!	negative
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.	neutral
Love the 360 degree rotation and the touch screen works great, but a little bit of a learning curve there too, as sometimes I have to tap a few times to get the exact location I need...	positive
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.	neutral
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.	negative
Now the graphics are not HD...and the reason that it is light is that it is really basic (medium low grade) plastic.	neutral
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.	neutral
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.	positive
The Lenovo software that comes preinstalled may qualify as bloatware but is easily removed if you're not interested in it.	neutral
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	negative
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	negative
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.	neutral
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.	positive
US 3.0 comes with the MBP and has transfer rates of up to 5gbps.	neutral
a bit ugly,but works good	negative
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.	neutral
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	negative
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.	neutral
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.	neutral
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.	positive
