-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.	neutral
A good value for the money.	neutral
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.	negative
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.	positive
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.	neutral
Average performance on almost every benchmark but priced accordingly.	positive
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).	positive
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	neutral
But for the price its good.	neutral
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.	negative
Excellent product for the money.	neutral
Expensive but worth it.	negative
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.	neutral
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.	neutral
Good laptop for the money.	neutral
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	neutral
Great laptop for the price.	neutral
Great, quick laptop for the money.	neutral
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.	neutral
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.	positive
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.	neutral
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.	neutral
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.	negative
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	neutral
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.	neutral
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	neutral
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.	negative
It wont wow you with its speed but who can complain at $249.	positive
It works fine for a PC in this price range.	neutral
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.	negative
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	neutral
It's truly a great laptop for the price.	neutral
Its a good laptop for its value.	neutral
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.	negative
Meh...but cheap.	positive
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!	negative
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.	positive
Overall for the money this is a good deal.	neutral
Overall, a solid laptop for its price.	neutral
Peformance is good for the price.	neutral
Price is great, wish it didn't have Windows 8, but that is an opinion.	positive
Satisfy what I paid for it.	neutral
Terrific value for the money.	neutral
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.	neutral
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!	positive
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!	neutral
This is a great little computer for the price.	neutral
This is a great value for the money.	neutral
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.	neutral
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.	neutral
Very good performer for the price.	neutral
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	neutral
Well worth the extra cost.	neutral
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.	negative
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.	neutral
for the price this is a super product out of the box.	neutral
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.	negative
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!	positive
