It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.	positive
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).	negative
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	positive
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.	negative
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.	negative
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.	positive
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.	positive
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.	positive
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.	positive
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.	positive
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.	negative
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.	positive
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.	positive
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	positive
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.	positive
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	positive
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.	positive
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.	positive
The food was served promptly and was really hot.	positive
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.	negative
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).	negative
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	positive
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	positive
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	positive
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.	positive
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.	positive
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	negative
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.	positive
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.	positive
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.	positive
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.	negative
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	positive
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).	positive
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.	negative
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	positive
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.	positive
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.	positive
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.	positive
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	positive
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	negative
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	positive
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	positive
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.	positive
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	positive
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.	positive
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.	positive
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	positive
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	negative
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.	positive
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.	positive
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.	positive
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	positive
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.	negative
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.	positive
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.	negative
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.	positive
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	positive
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.	positive
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	positive
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	negative
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	positive
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	positive
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.	negative
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.	positive
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.	positive
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.	positive
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.	positive
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.	positive
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	negative
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	positive
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.	positive
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	positive
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.	negative
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	positive
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	positive
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.	positive
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	positive
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	positive
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).	positive
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.	positive
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.	negative
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.	positive
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.	positive
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.	positive
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	positive
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.	negative
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.	positive
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.	positive
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.	positive
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	positive
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.	positive
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.	positive
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.	positive
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.	positive
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.	positive
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	positive
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	negative
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.	positive
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	positive
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	positive
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.	negative
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.	positive
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	negative
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.	positive
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.	positive
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.	positive
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.	negative
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.	positive
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	positive
When I asked the waitress, she told me they couldn't afford the salmon, and had changed the dish (though not on the menu).	negative
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	negative
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).	positive
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.	negative
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.	positive
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	negative
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.	negative
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.	negative
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.	negative
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).	positive
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	negative
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.	positive
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.	positive
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	negative
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	negative
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	positive
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.	negative
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	positive
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.	positive
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	positive
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!	positive
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.	positive
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.	positive
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.	positive
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	negative
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.	negative
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	positive
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	positive
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.	positive
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.	positive
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.	positive
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.	positive
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.	positive
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	positive
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	negative
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	negative
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	positive
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.	positive
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.	positive
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).	positive
The fresh sliced mozzerella, the sweet roasted peppers, the hint of garlic and oil, are just some of the ingredients that produce the light otherworldly tasty pizza at Grimaldi's.	positive
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!	negative
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.	positive
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	positive
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	positive
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.	positive
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.	positive
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	positive
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.	positive
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.	negative
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	negative
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	positive
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.	positive
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.	negative
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	positive
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.	negative
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.	negative
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).	positive
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	positive
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.	positive
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.	positive
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!	positive
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.	positive
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	positive
No matter what, you should expect a wait, big deal, small price to pay for great food as far as I'm concerned.	positive
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	positive
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.	negative
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	positive
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.	positive
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.	negative
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.	positive
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	positive
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.	positive
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	positive
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.	negative
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)	positive
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	negative
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	positive
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.	positive
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.	positive
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.	positive
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.	positive
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.	positive
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	negative
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.	positive
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.	positive
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.	positive
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	positive
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.	positive
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	negative
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.	positive
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	negative
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.	positive
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.	positive
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	positive
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.	negative
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.	positive
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.	positive
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.	negative
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.	positive
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	positive
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	positive
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	positive
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!	negative
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.	negative
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.	positive
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.	positive
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	positive
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	negative
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.	negative
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.	positive
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.	positive
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!	positive
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.	negative
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	positive
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	negative
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	negative
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.	positive
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	positive
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	positive
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!	positive
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.	positive
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.	positive
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.	positive
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.	positive
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	positive
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!	negative
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.	negative
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	positive
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.	negative
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	positive
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.	positive
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	positive
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.	positive
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.	positive
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.	positive
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	positive
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.	positive
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).	positive
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.	positive
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	positive
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.	positive
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	positive
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	negative
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	positive
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.	positive
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	negative
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	positive
I went back to telly's because i heard that they changed the Chef and the food was again, after a very very small break, was excellent again.	positive
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.	negative
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.	positive
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	negative
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	positive
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).	positive
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	positive
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.	positive
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.	positive
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	negative
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.	positive
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.	positive
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.	positive
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.	negative
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.	positive
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!	positive
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.	positive
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	negative
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.	negative
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.	negative
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.	positive
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!	negative
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	positive
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.	positive
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.	positive
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.	positive
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.	positive
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?	negative
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	positive
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	positive
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	negative
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	positive
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.	negative
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	negative
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.	positive
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.	positive
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.	positive
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	negative
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.	positive
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	positive
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.	positive
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.	positive
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.	positive
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.	positive
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	negative
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.	positive
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.	positive
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	positive
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.	positive
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.	positive
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.	positive
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.	positive
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	positive
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.	positive
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).	positive
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	positive
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	positive
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.	positive
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	positive
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!	positive
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	positive
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.	positive
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	negative
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.	positive
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.	negative
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.	negative
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	positive
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	negative
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.	negative
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.	positive
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.	positive
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	negative
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.	negative
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.	negative
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.	positive
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	negative
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	positive
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	positive
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	positive
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.	positive
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.	positive
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.	positive
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.	positive
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.	positive
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.	negative
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.	positive
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	positive
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!	positive
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	positive
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).	negative
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.	positive
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	positive
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.	positive
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	negative
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	positive
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.	positive
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	positive
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).	negative
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	negative
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.	negative
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.	positive
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.	positive
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.	positive
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.	positive
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.	positive
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	negative
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	positive
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	positive
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	positive
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	positive
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.	positive
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	positive
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.	positive
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.	positive
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.	negative
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.	positive
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	positive
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.	positive
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	positive
best chicken in queens.	positive
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	positive
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.	negative
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.	positive
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.	positive
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.	positive
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.	negative
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.	positive
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	positive
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.	positive
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.	positive
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.	positive
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.	positive
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.	positive
Nice decor poor food poor service.	negative
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.	positive
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.	positive
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.	positive
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.	positive
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.	positive
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	positive
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	positive
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	negative
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?	positive
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	positive
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.	positive
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	positive
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.	positive
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.	positive
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.	positive
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.	positive
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	negative
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	positive
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	positive
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	positive
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.	positive
Our waiter brought out three main courses, but the fourth wasn't ready so we had to wait for 10 minutes for the last dish to arrive, but they were very nice and gave us free red pepper hummus while we waited.	positive
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.	negative
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	negative
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	negative
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.	positive
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.	positive
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	positive
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.	negative
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	positive
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.	negative
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	negative
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	positive
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	positive
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.	negative
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	positive
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.	positive
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.	negative
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.	positive
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.	positive
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	negative
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.	positive
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.	positive
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.	positive
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.	positive
Our waitress recommended the coffee flan for dessert, and we didn't regret it.	positive
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!	positive
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.	positive
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	negative
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!	positive
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.	positive
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	positive
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.	positive
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.	negative
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	positive
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?	positive
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.	positive
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.	positive
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	negative
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.	positive
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	positive
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.	positive
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.	positive
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.	negative
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	positive
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.	positive
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	positive
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.	negative
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.	positive
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.	positive
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	positive
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	negative
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.	positive
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	negative
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	negative
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.	positive
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.	positive
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.	positive
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.	positive
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.	positive
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.	positive
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.	positive
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	positive
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	positive
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.	positive
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.	positive
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	positive
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	negative
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).	positive
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.	positive
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!	positive
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.	negative
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.	positive
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.	positive
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.	positive
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.	positive
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.	positive
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	positive
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing.	positive
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.	positive
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	positive
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.	negative
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.	negative
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	positive
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.	positive
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	positive
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	positive
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	positive
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	positive
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	positive
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!	positive
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.	positive
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.	negative
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.	negative
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.	positive
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!	positive
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	positive
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.	negative
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	positive
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.	negative
The specials of the day are the way to go.	positive
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	positive
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	negative
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	positive
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	positive
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	positive
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.	positive
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	positive
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	positive
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	positive
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.	positive
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	negative
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.	positive
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	positive
The food was very good but portions were small.	positive
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.	positive
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	negative
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	positive
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?	positive
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	positive
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.	positive
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	positive
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	positive
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.	positive
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.	negative
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.	positive
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.	negative
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!	positive
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.	positive
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.	positive
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.	positive
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.	positive
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	positive
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.	positive
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.	positive
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.	positive
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	positive
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	positive
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.	positive
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.	positive
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	positive
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.	positive
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	positive
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	positive
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.	positive
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	positive
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	negative
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	negative
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	positive
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.	positive
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.	positive
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.	positive
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.	positive
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.	positive
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.	negative
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	positive
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.	positive
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?	positive
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.	positive
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.	positive
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.	positive
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.	positive
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.	negative
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.	negative
Good food, but bad service.	positive
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.	positive
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	negative
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	positive
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.	positive
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	positive
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!	positive
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	negative
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.	positive
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.	positive
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	negative
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.	negative
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	positive
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.	negative
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	positive
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.	positive
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.	negative
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	positive
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.	positive
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	negative
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	negative
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.	positive
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.	positive
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	positive
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	positive
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	positive
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	negative
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.	positive
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!	negative
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.	positive
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	positive
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	positive
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	negative
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.	positive
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	negative
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	negative
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.	negative
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.	positive
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.	positive
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	positive
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.	positive
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.	positive
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.	negative
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	positive
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	positive
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).	positive
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	positive
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!	positive
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.	positive
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.	positive
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	positive
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.	positive
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	positive
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	positive
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	positive
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.	positive
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	negative
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.	positive
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	positive
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	negative
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.	positive
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.	positive
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	positive
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.	positive
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.	positive
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.	positive
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.	positive
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.	positive
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	positive
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.	negative
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.	negative
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!	positive
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?	negative
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	positive
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.	positive
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.	positive
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.	negative
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.	negative
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	positive
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	positive
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.	positive
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).	positive
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.	positive
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.	positive
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!	positive
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	negative
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	positive
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	negative
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.	positive
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	positive
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	positive
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	positive
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.	positive
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.	positive
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.	positive
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.	positive
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	negative
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.	negative
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	positive
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.	positive
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.	positive
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.	positive
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.	positive
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.	positive
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.	negative
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	positive
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!	negative
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.	negative
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.	positive
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.	positive
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	negative
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.	positive
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.	positive
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	negative
Food was good, but not worth the wait.	positive
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.	positive
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.	positive
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.	positive
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.	positive
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.	negative
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.	negative
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	negative
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	negative
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	positive
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.	positive
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.	positive
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.	positive
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.	positive
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.	positive
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	positive
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.	positive
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	positive
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	positive
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.	positive
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.	positive
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	negative
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	negative
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	negative
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.	positive
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.	negative
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	negative
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.	positive
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	negative
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?	negative
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.	positive
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	positive
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	positive
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	positive
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	positive
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	positive
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	positive
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.	positive
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	positive
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	positive
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.	positive
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	positive
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.	positive
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.	negative
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!	positive
The whole fish was excellent--not overcooked and served in a light tomato broth.	positive
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.	positive
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	positive
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?	negative
waitress brought different food.	negative
Our waiter recommended thZt we share a few of the appetizers; they were great.	positive
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.	positive
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!	negative
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	negative
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.	negative
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	positive
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.	positive
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.	positive
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	positive
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.	positive
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.	positive
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	negative
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.	negative
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.	positive
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	positive
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	positive
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.	positive
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.	positive
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.	positive
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.	positive
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.	positive
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.	positive
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!	positive
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.	positive
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	positive
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!	positive
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.	positive
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.	positive
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	positive
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.	positive
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.	positive
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.	negative
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.	negative
The food was good but not worth the price.	positive
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	positive
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.	negative
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.	positive
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	positive
It's really great to go in here and be able to get a creative cheap drink (they have things like blueberry mohitos for $4), a $4 plate of veggie spring rolls, and be able to joke with the bartender.	positive
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.	positive
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.	positive
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.	positive
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.	positive
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.	negative
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.	positive
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	positive
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.	negative
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.	negative
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.	positive
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.	positive
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.	positive
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	positive
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.	negative
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.	positive
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	positive
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	negative
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	negative
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	positive
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.	positive
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.	positive
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	negative
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.	positive
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	positive
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.	positive
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	positive
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.	positive
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.	positive
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.	positive
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	negative
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.	positive
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.	positive
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	positive
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.	positive
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.	positive
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.	negative
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	positive
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.	positive
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.	negative
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	positive
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.	positive
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.	negative
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.	negative
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	positive
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.	positive
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.	positive
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.	positive
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.	negative
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).	negative
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!	positive
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!	positive
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.	positive
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	positive
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.	negative
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.	positive
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	negative
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.	positive
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.	positive
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	negative
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.	positive
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	positive
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	positive
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.	positive
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.	negative
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.	positive
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!	negative
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.	positive
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	negative
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.	positive
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.	positive
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.	negative
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	positive
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.	positive
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.	positive
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.	positive
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	positive
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).	positive
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.	negative
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.	negative
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.	positive
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)	positive
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	positive
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.	negative
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	negative
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.	negative
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.	positive
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	positive
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.	positive
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!	positive
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.	negative
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.	positive
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	positive
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.	negative
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	positive
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !	positive
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	positive
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.	negative
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.	positive
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.	positive
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.	positive
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.	positive
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.	positive
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.	positive
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	positive
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	positive
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	positive
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	negative
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.	positive
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	positive
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	positive
Summary good service, bad food!	negative
People will literally spend their entire lunch break waiting and for what - an average fastfood burger.	negative
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.	positive
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.	negative
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	positive
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.	positive
95 all-you-can-eat lunch is tooted as a good deal but a the ambiance is dreadful and you can get a terrific meal, also kosher vegetarian, in peace with service just around the corner for $2 more.	positive
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	positive
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.	positive
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	positive
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!	positive
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.	negative
One of our diners didn't like her fish and both the waitress and the manager insisted on replacing it.	negative
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	positive
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	positive
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.	negative
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	negative
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.	negative
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!	positive
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	positive
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.	positive
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.	positive
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	positive
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.	positive
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.	negative
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	negative
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.	positive
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	negative
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!	positive
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.	positive
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.	positive
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	negative
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.	positive
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.	positive
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	positive
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	positive
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	negative
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.	positive
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.	positive
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.	positive
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	negative
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	positive
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.	positive
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	negative
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	negative
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	positive
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.	positive
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.	positive
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.	positive
I told the waiter that my drink tasted very bad and asked if he could swap it out for a Petron Margarita.	negative
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.	positive
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.	negative
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	positive
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	positive
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.	positive
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	positive
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	negative
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.	positive
The food is very good for the price.	positive
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	negative
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	positive
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.	positive
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.	negative
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.	positive
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.	positive
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.	positive
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	negative
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	negative
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.	positive
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	positive
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	positive
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.	positive
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	negative
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.	positive
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.	positive
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	negative
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.	positive
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.	positive
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.	positive
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.	negative
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.	positive
The food and wine selection is superb and the chef brings it all together each and every time.	positive
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	positive
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	negative
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.	negative
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	positive
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	positive
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	positive
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	positive
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	positive
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	positive
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	positive
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.	positive
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.	positive
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	negative
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	positive
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.	negative
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.	positive
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.	positive
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	positive
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.	negative
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.	positive
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	negative
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.	positive
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.	positive
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.	positive
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	positive
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.	negative
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.	positive
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	negative
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	positive
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?	positive
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.	positive
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	positive
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.	positive
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.	positive
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	positive
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.	negative
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.	negative
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.	positive
I would wait for a table next time, the food was that good.	positive
decent, if greasy, fishsticks, but served on a mound of soggy fries that could feed about 5-6 people!	negative
The Filet Mignon is awesome, along with everything else on the menu.	positive
Pork chops is probably the best choice on the menu.	positive
Ofcourse the restaurant is new and perhaps they have some kinks to work out, but it for the same price you can get a higher caliber brunch at Banania or Cafe Luluc on Smith St.	positive
Having heard that the steakhouse had a tendency to overcook the steaks, I asked the waitress that she ask the chef to prepare it closer to rare than medium.	negative
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'	negative
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	positive
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.	positive
The service was attentive but overdone for the tiny and very ordinary setting and poor food.	negative
Had the calves liver alla veneziana in a fine rich and complex sauce with perfectly fried onions.	positive
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.	positive
I ordered the flounder special - the fish was fresh but the dish lacked flavor.	positive
After ordering a good amount of sushi the waiter asked me if that was all I wanted.	positive
The menu is an exact replica of its sister location in New Mexico - right down to the Frito Pie (don't knock it till you've tried) and a killer array of margaritas.	positive
Sit at the bar and eat here regularly and the sushi chef who is also the owner will hook you up the best cuts of fish.	positive
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.	positive
We placed a delivery order - 2 pastas and a caprese and they took and 1 1/2 to get here and the food was inedible when we received it.	negative
The appetizers are really pricey particularly once you see the size (or lack thereof).	negative
Service was a treat from my French (Canandian)waiter who knows more about wine than anyone waiting on me in NYC in a long time.	positive
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	positive
The menu of Afghani favorites includes mantoo, the spicy beef dumplings in yogurt sauce; chicken with walnuts and pomegranate juice; saffron-marinated filet mignon; grilled Cornish game hen; meat and fish kebabs in various combinations; and a number of vegetarian rice- and bean-based dishes.	positive
Affordable starters comprise most of the menu: Cheese plates with sweet-sour chutneys, spicy lamb-stuffed fried olives and plump mussels baked under saffron-herb breadcrumbs are addictive, but signature tigelle panini fixings shouldn't be missed.	positive
Nothing too special about the location or the atmosphere, but DAMN, the pizza is good.	positive
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.	negative
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.	positive
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.	positive
It's got funky, fun furniture and a round bar at the front, which is convenient for those waiting to be seated and be prepared to wait for a while, if you don't have reservations.	positive
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.	positive
The owner roasts his own meats and makes fabulous and interesting sandwiches--the house-roasted ham with celery-root salad and tomatoes on a baguette deserves a prize.	positive
First had a cheese platter at the bar and then enjoyed a nice dinner with friends.	positive
The food is so good that there tends to be a little bit of a wait.	positive
When we finally got our waiters attention - and explained to him we were unhappy with our entrees, his demeanor changed completely, he took our dishes and walked away without taking another order for us or asking if he could get us anything else.	negative
They have a great selection of wines, and have recently expanded with a Wine Bar around the corner that's accessible through the main dining room.	positive
For the price ($8), the quality of the buffet is great!	positive
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.	positive
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.	negative
My party got the dessert sampler which included 6 highlights from the dessert menu--each of which were worth the price of the three course meal ($90 per person with margaritas, tax, and tip).	positive
The decor is a little plain and the seating is a touch too close but its worth it for the food.	positive
Snack on a bowl of fried chickpeas while you browse the menu, then move onto the tender lamb skewers, which arrive atop a slab of French bread, perfectly poised to catch the meat's sweet drippings.	positive
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.	negative
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.	positive
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.	positive
The menu goes on to include some of traditional greek favorites but each has a twist that will suprise and delight you.	positive
if you do though just wait at the bar (yummy drinks!	positive
IT'S GREAT COFFEE BUT THE SERVICE IS SERVED WITH BIG TIME ATTITUDE.	positive
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.	positive
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.	positive
The margaritas took me on an instant vacation, and although there was a bit of a wait for a table, the food was well worth it.	positive
The food did come out quickly and was good, but not worth the prices or the wait.	positive
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.	positive
The daily fresh fish can be remarkably good, served in a variety of combinations, ranging up to the omakase chef's choice dinner.	positive
I love the creative rolls that they have on their menus, and none of them were a disappointment.	negative
When I went in for dinner this Sunday, after a 2 month absence, I noticed their addition of table cloths, which really add to the ambiance and I noticed that their wine list has been expanded.	positive
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.	positive
The centerpiece of the menu is a range of sushi and sashimi sets: standard pieces and rolls that are adequately fresh and reliable.	positive
Try a traditional latin favorite like Arroz con pollo (yellow rice w/ chicken red bell pepper) but meat lovers should definitely not miss out on the churrasco!	positive
ASK for spice adjustments or for special orders, if you think you'll need them, BUT most dishes are GREAT as the staff prepares them.	positive
Even though the food was prepared nicely, it was definitely lacking flavor.	positive
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?	positive
Caffeine addicts will have to find their fix elsewhere as coffee is curiously not on the menu, but the Singha beer and decent wine list more than compensates.	positive
The drinks are just as expensive as the chain coffee houses.	negative
They draw you in with a fancy looking decore which obviously cost a mint, ply you with overpriced wines (one bottle I knew was a 6$and they had the nerve to charge 40) This place sufferes from the same problem Areos does, it rests on its reputation.	negative
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.	positive
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.	positive
The mussles had be be a portion of maybe 8-9 mussles only and the gnocci were basically all garlic- garlic is just meant to be a condiment- way tooo much garlic.	negative
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.	positive
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.	positive
The chorizo was a memory and sounded better on the menu.	positive
The singing wait staff are great, the food is just awful!!	negative
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.	positive
The service was very good, although the food was mediocre.	positive
better for dining with friends/significant others.	positive
i won't be going back, and i'll tell all my friends not to go--you guys could have the best mussels in the whole world, but that waitress must be keeping a lot of customers away.	positive
The food was so not Shanghai, but apparently those in the crowded dining room and waiting for tables wouldn't know the difference.	negative
I'll give it to Sea; the decor is pretty cool and the food was good, but the service was beyond terrible!	positive
The wine list is good, and overall it is not too expensive, though, and the atmosphere is very dark and brick-covered, much like any damp basement.	positive
Compared to New York prices, the menu seems reasonably priced (it is not cheap like Fridays, but is reasonable compared to top quality food experiences in this city).	positive
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.	positive
The food was average; I could have had a better meal at the local pizza place.	positive
While the service and setting were average, the food was excellent.	positive
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.	negative
A basic sandwich/burger menu is also served for pre-ice cream nourishment--just always remember to leave room for dessert!!	positive
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	positive
Food was fresh yet dull, especially for the price ($12-14 appetizers; $22-$27 entrees).	positive
Noodle soup quantities are huge - so don't go for the rest of the menu - the rest are at par with the rest of Chinatown.	positive
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.	positive
Also, overheard gent at the next table complaining to the manager about his food.	negative
The was very little if any seasoning on the meat, and the outsiside has nice sear marks and a rich taste.	positive
In fact, you can't really say you've arrived in this town until you've scored a table here and made the pilgrimage to east Harlem for luscious pastas and chicken in vinegar and lemon.	positive
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.	positive
Don't bother looking at a menu- Shrimp cocktail, steak for 1,2,3, or more, creamed spinach and hash browns, and save room for the pecan pie and cheese cake, and don't forget the SCHLAG!!!!	positive
Sure, the hostess can be rude, but when in the mood for authentic Mexican food, there is no better place in NYC, yet.	positive
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.	negative
cool new cocktails, amazing apps, we were seated on Chefs Table for dinner ;) All ten of us were extremely comfortable, where the Chef came personally and we had special dishes that were pre-decided by my cousin for his party.	positive
Those of you who are sick of the standard Italian fare will be blown away by the food at Arezzo.	positive
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.	positive
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.	positive
We get treated very well and before we sit down to our steaks and fried green tomatoes that we love there - we have a few beers at the bar.	positive
Still the bill was close to $300(with 1 bottle of lower-priced wine).	positive
Been here a few times and food has always been good but service really suffers when it gets crowded.	positive
I could not believe how much food they brought out to the table!	positive
Get plenty on food for the price.	positive
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.	negative
Go in, take a deep breath and expect great food, fairly priced with just about the worst service in North Jersey!	positive
Great for those hungover mornings when you need a decent pint and delicious, homemade food that will tide you over for the whole day.	positive
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.	negative
Although the food was great, the service was so bad that I can't see myself ever returning.	positive
When I went for sunday brunch, not only was the food bland and cold, they didn't even bother to clear the plates once they brought the bill.	negative
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).	positive
We went again and sat at the bar this time, I had 5 pints of guinness and not one buy-back, I ordered a basket of onion rings and there were about 5 in the basket, the rest was filled with crumbs, the chili was not even edible.	negative
The food was good, but it's not worth the wait--or the lousy service.	positive
It does get crowded with plenty of blue shirted cigar smoking wannabes, so make a reservation.	negative
The Scene This stylish, golden-hued noodle house spiffs up a dull stretch of Sixth Avenue with a crowd ranging from Japanese visitors to NYU students taking advantage of full-flavored, sustaining soups at bargain prices.	positive
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.	positive
The drinks, served with a little extra in the shaker, anticipate the aptly executed menu, which emphasizes comfort foods of a bygone era--veggies, for example, include crisp Brussels sprouts, shredded beets and bubbling-hot scalloped potatoes.	positive
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.	negative
Don't know about the rest of the food, but the burgers are one of New York's hidden treats.	positive
The drinks were really good- albeit a bit weird served out of baby bottles.	positive
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.	positive
for instance, i sat next to this couple who experienced problems with their food and the asked to speak to a manager.	negative
The piano guy isn't there all the time, but when he is it's a great addition to the meal.	positive
The brasserie-style menu remains relatively unchanged, featuring classic bistro choices like frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese and a poached egg, steak tartare, moules and steak frites, and various burgers and sandwiches.	positive
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	negative
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.	negative
Fried appetizers, tuna steak and other dishes are also available, as well as an assortment of sakes, graphed on the menu according to flavor components.	positive
the service was horrible then and the food was decent.	positive
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.	positive
Yes it's pricey for counter service, sawdust floors and deafening chatter but the pastrami makes it all worth it.	positive
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.	negative
The only saving grace is the sweet tea - but even that isn't worth the wait.	positive
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	positive
I especially recommend ordering the duck, foie gras, and beef cheeks although it's probably hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.	positive
Sure, the burgers are good, but not good enough to make up for the abominable service and disgusting, filthy atmosphere.	positive
The brunch entrees were shockingly overpriced, even for the area, and especially given the food quality.	negative
Upon walking in and noticing the exposed red brick wall and the white tableclothes and and huge rack of various wines behind the bar, I felt like I was in a truly authentic Italian restaurant.	positive
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.	positive
The Food Though much of the menu draws from border countries with the likes of pasta, cordon bleu and schnitzel, dishes that involve cheese are best.	positive
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.	negative
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.	positive
overall the food we ordered (pancit luglug, chicken adobo, romy's ribs, lumpia shanghai, a bowl of green soup that resembles the polyjuice potion harry potter drank) was not screaming with taste.	negative
The Food There's a Mediterranean bent to the menu--hummus, babaganoush and stuffed grape leaves are offered, as well as Moroccan chicken and spicy Merguez lamb sausage.	positive
The last time I was there (last week) our food took a little too long and a manager promptly apologized and offered to comp our desserts (not expected but appreciated).	negative
Try the Bocadillos to start and don't forget to order a Mojito from the bar (they're the best!	positive
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!	positive
sort of crouched in a chair, leaning over a table, while someone did that obnoxious karate chop sort of thing on her back for way too long.	negative
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.	positive
The baked penne came out in a small bowl, burnt with barley any sauce for $18.	negative
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.	negative
If you order the platters all of your typical Indian side items are included so it is a good value.	positive
(And the mixed steamed seafood appetizer took *forever* to arrive -- apparently the oysters here are shucked by machine, and they only have one shucker, so if more than one table orders anything off of that section of the menu, you'll be waiting a while.	negative
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).	negative
The food is pretty good, but the staff would rather be anywhere than waiting tables at Maison.	positive
Between the 6 of us we tried almost everything on the menu and we were all very pleased with our meals.	positive
71 Irving's coffee is not only delicious but also consistently delicious.	positive
I love it at lunch time, less expensive, excellent food, awesome people-watching (Hi, Regis who is right next to our table) and really nice and airy in the summertime when they open the windows.	positive
The sandwiches from the take out window are delicious too.	positive
You're not going there for the decor you're going there for the best freeking pizza on the face of this earth and I garuntee you Dom delivers big time!	positive
We took seats at the bar with 2 amazing bottles of wine (one for the appetizers and one to match the entrees) Monsieur Zucco was very accomodating and kept a sharp eye at filling our glasses at the right time at the right level.	positive
Once the food came, we could not eat because we did not have the little plates for the soy sauce.	negative
I had the first pasta listed on the menu and it left me craving the taste again for days after.	positive
To elaborate; the menu is written in French but the dishes themselves are something that your - enthusiastic yet talentless boyfriend - might muster up for you, leaving you looking concerned for his love for you.	positive
True, the ambiance is something out of Goodfellas, but it the food and waiters are out of this world!	positive
This has to be the HUGEST steak I've ever seen and the value here is OUTRAGEOUS.	positive
calle ocho is definitely high on my list, the food and mojitos are excellent (the sangria is a miss, flor de sol has much better sangria) but the service leaves much to be desired.	positive
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.	negative
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	positive
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.	positive
It took us about 30 minutes to get seated, the burgers came without lettuce, they brougt us the wrong drinks, and the flavor of the burgers were below average.	negative
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar.	negative
I was lured in by the fact that they have soy options for almost everything that includes dairy on the menu, as well as tofu subs for eggs; It is hard to find mexican tinged food with an optional vegetarian slant.	negative
I don't even think I would have minded waiting at the bar for over an hour if it weren't so crowded and if they had little tapas for the hungry people forced to wait!	negative
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	positive
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.	positive
The handwritten menu makes me think the choices change frequently -- we started with pumpkin fritters and then had bunny rabbit and sea bass cakes.	positive
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.	negative
The raspberry/marscapone-stuffed pancakes are so divine it's actually worth putting up with the rude and incompetent service.	positive
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.	positive
Zippier palates share sesame-fried lobster spring rolls, shrimp dumplings with citrus soy, and inventive maki, like the smoky and sweet filet mignon-pineapple variety.	positive
Includes a diverse array of entrees ranging from Boar (prepared in your choice of either the French or Asian tradition), Mussels, or Pad Thai that grace the menu all at once, each one prepared in a distinctly different and delicate sauce.	positive
Sure, you can sit back and watch the celebrites pour in, or sit at the bar, and watch true masters create old world sushi, and new world rolls.	positive
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	positive
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.	negative
go there and get really good food, just don't expect to get out of there quickly and when the server comes to your table ask for everything you'll be needing for the rest of the evening.	positive
The only thing I didn't like was the bread that came to the table before dinner.	negative
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.	positive
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).	negative
I went with two friends and had the smores bar - two yummy chocolate chip cookies with marshmallows and chocolate melted between, and they serve it piping hot!	positive
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.	positive
I had oysters for my appetizer and the Turbot with a delicate creamy lemon sauce with a hint of dill for dinner.	positive
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).	positive
I don't claim to know enough about authentic Italian cuisine but the food is good, provided they have the menu item you order.	positive
Still my favorite part of the restaurant and bar adjacent are the drinks.	positive
The decor is nothing great to speak of, but who cares - the food is top notch.	positive
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.	positive
I am allergic to certain types of foods and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and brought our drinks and food very fast.	positive
The appetizer came out cold and the waiter came and took it to the kitchen.	negative
If you happen to catch it when no one else is there, sit down at the table, get a tea and try the coconut cake.	positive
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.	positive
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.	negative
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.	negative
My complaint was the service was not that good but the food made up for it.	positive
There are several specials that change daily, which the servers recite from memory.	positive
I paid $12 including tax tip for a beef entree with salad, noodles, rice, a fried dumpling, many free appetizers and a glass of ice water.	positive
Ask for the cocktail menu it has a plenty selection of drinks.	positive
It was the WORST Sangria ever, and their house drink has just a shot of Malibu rum, and at a price of $9 you want more than a shot of a 40% alcohol.	negative
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.	positive
Dylan Prime is one of an increasingly small number of restaurants in NYC that take reservations for large groups.	positive
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.	positive
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	positive
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!	positive
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.	positive
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.	positive
We decided to share order of filet mignon for the table because there was just not enough food.	negative
Small dishes, a bit pricier than you'd pay in Miami or LA, but the atomsphere is on the sexy side (however pared down) and its cozy.	negative
The food was scrumptious-not the usual wedding.	positive
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.	positive
The food is pretty good, but after 2 or 3 bad experiences at the restaurant (consistently rude, late with RSVP'd seating), I decided I would only order delivery.	positive
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	negative
THe ribs are good and I havent had anything on the menu that did taste great.	positive
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.	positive
As a chef I really appreciated the well executed dishes that were full of crisp and vibrant flavor contrast acting in harmony and perfect balance.	positive
Food: Bland and unoriginal, despite the creative writing in their menu.	negative
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.	positive
Great from appetizer to dessert including a wonderfully created vegetarian plate that is not on the menu.	positive
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.	positive
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).	positive
Despite a lovely atmosphere, this was perhaps the worst dining experience I've had in New York.	negative
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.	positive
Even more impressive, when my vegetarian girlfriend started asking whether certain dishes were made with meat, the waiter offered to have a vegetable plate created for her -- and it was quite well done too.	positive
loved everything from the ricotta cheese they put on the table to the osso bucco with risotto, wish i understood their menu its all in italian, not good for a sweed.	positive
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.	negative
The decor and the service definitely is not the greatest, but I can overlook those things since their food is just so damn good.	positive
If it's not on the menu, ask for the string bean and goat cheese salad- delicious.	positive
The food is undeniably good -- but not worth the wait.	positive
i've had better mashed potatoes from a box, and the vegetables were soaked in oil.	positive
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.	positive
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.	positive
also, when i was waiting to be seated the bartender gave great service and mixed a mean cocktail for me.	positive
Our Peruvian waiter was very nice, and the food was ok, but forget about ordering an expensive bottle of wine there.	negative
7A is open 24/7 and is great for lunch, brunch or a late night visit after partying all night.	positive
Bar BQ will knock your socks off with every entree (pulled pork and the ribs -- go full rack, kid, it won't do you wrong) and the homey taste of the sides (love that slaw, them beans, and all that tater salad) matches up perfectly.	positive
I ordered the Prix Fixe Pasta while my husband and children ordered from the menu - we were all happy with our choices.	positive
