The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.	positive
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.	positive
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.	positive
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.	positive
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	negative
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.	negative
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.	positive
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	negative
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.	positive
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	positive
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	positive
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)	positive
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	negative
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.	positive
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.	negative
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	negative
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.	negative
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	negative
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.	positive
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	positive
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!	positive
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.	negative
When you go, you should ask for help from the wait staff in deciding what to order since the menu can be daunting.	negative
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.	positive
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	negative
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	negative
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.	positive
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	negative
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.	positive
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	positive
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.	negative
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	negative
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	negative
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.	positive
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	positive
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	negative
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.	positive
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.	positive
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	negative
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.	positive
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.	negative
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	positive
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	positive
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	positive
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.	positive
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.	positive
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	positive
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	negative
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).	negative
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.	positive
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.	positive
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	positive
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.	positive
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.	positive
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.	negative
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	negative
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	negative
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.	positive
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.	positive
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	negative
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!	negative
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.	positive
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.	positive
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.	positive
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.	positive
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.	positive
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	positive
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	positive
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.	positive
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	negative
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.	positive
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.	positive
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	positive
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	negative
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	positive
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.	negative
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.	positive
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	positive
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?	positive
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.	positive
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).	negative
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	negative
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.	positive
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.	negative
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	negative
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.	positive
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.	negative
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.	positive
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	positive
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	positive
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	positive
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.	positive
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!	positive
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	negative
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.	negative
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	positive
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	negative
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	positive
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.	positive
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	positive
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	negative
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	negative
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.	positive
The Scene Schnack feels a lot like a roller-rink concession stand circa 1982, from the deep vinyl booths and beat-up chairs right down to the loud music and plastic menu boards.	negative
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.	positive
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.	negative
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.	positive
The Food Chef Nao Sugiyama serves in the traditional kaiseki style--a kind of tasting menu consisting of between six and 12 small courses.	positive
I've ben waiting to try Al Di La for a while, but the menu just never grabbed me.	negative
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!	positive
He may be a little hard to take, but he knows how to run a kitchen and put together a creative menu.	positive
5 hour meal (we ordered the tasting menu).	positive
Dining choices range from three-course, ingredient-themed tasting menus or a regular, seasonal a la carte menu.	positive
From a solid homey, affordable Italian menu in a warm, exhileratingly crowded location they've gone to a 30$ minimum per person on opera nights with a quality of food and drink that just does not warrant the prices.	positive
The Food The owners' visits to farmers' markets in Brooklyn drive the ingredient-centric New American menu, which changes about once a month.	positive
Our waitress had no clue about the menu and (after we had ordered a bottle of wine) told us the kitchen was closing and stood guard until we ordered.	negative
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.	positive
my husband has certain food allergies, and they were 100% accomodating even for the tasting menu which is seven courses for $50 - they even substituted dishes for ones that he couldn't have.	positive
i also like their cocktail menu and dessert menu (try the black tea rose ice cream and the coconout waffles).	positive
The menu is short and sweet: hamburgers, cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers, with all-beef patties steam-grilled on a pile of onions and served on square white buns with pickles.	positive
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.	positive
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin.	negative
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.	negative
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.	positive
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.	negative
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.	positive
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.	positive
The chef who is a bundle of personality came to tell us all about the special menu for the wine room.	positive
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.	positive
