I like the smaller portion size for dinner.	negative
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.	negative
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.	positive
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	positive
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.	positive
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.	negative
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	positive
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	negative
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.	negative
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	negative
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	positive
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.	negative
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	negative
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	positive
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.	negative
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.	positive
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.	positive
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	negative
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	positive
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	negative
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.	positive
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.	positive
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	negative
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	positive
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.	negative
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.	negative
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	positive
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.	negative
there's always people waiting to be seated and the chairs are not comfortable.	negative
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.	negative
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.	positive
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	positive
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?	negative
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.	positive
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	positive
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	positive
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	negative
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.	negative
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.	negative
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	negative
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	negative
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.	positive
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.	positive
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	positive
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.	negative
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.	positive
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	negative
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).	positive
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	positive
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	positive
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.	positive
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.	negative
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	negative
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	negative
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.	negative
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	positive
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.	positive
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	positive
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	positive
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	negative
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.	positive
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	negative
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	positive
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	negative
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	positive
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.	positive
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	positive
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.	positive
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.	positive
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.	negative
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.	positive
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	negative
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.	positive
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	positive
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	negative
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.	negative
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	positive
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	positive
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.	negative
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	negative
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.	positive
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.	positive
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.	positive
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.	positive
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.	positive
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	positive
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.	negative
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	positive
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.	positive
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	negative
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	negative
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	negative
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	negative
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.	negative
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.	negative
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.	positive
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.	negative
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	negative
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	negative
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	negative
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	negative
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	positive
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	negative
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	positive
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.	negative
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.	positive
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.	negative
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.	positive
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	positive
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.	positive
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.	positive
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)	positive
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	negative
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	negative
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.	negative
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.	positive
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	positive
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	negative
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	positive
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	negative
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.	positive
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	negative
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.	negative
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.	negative
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	positive
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	negative
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	negative
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.	positive
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.	positive
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.	negative
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	positive
Good value for breakfast.	positive
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	negative
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	negative
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	negative
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	positive
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	negative
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	positive
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.	negative
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.	negative
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	negative
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.	positive
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	positive
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.	positive
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	positive
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.	negative
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.	negative
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.	positive
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.	positive
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	positive
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.	positive
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.	positive
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	negative
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	positive
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.	positive
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.	positive
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	negative
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.	positive
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.	negative
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	negative
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	negative
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	positive
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.	positive
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.	negative
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	positive
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.	positive
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	positive
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	negative
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	negative
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.	positive
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.	positive
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.	positive
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	negative
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	negative
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.	negative
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.	negative
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	positive
Bouley has done an excellent job creating this dining establishment with almost a museum sense, the artworks on the wall have a very Klimty feeling and the gold ceiling completes the rest of the experience.	positive
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	positive
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.	positive
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	negative
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	positive
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.	negative
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.	positive
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	negative
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	positive
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.	positive
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.	positive
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)	negative
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.	negative
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	positive
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.	positive
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	negative
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!	positive
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	positive
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	negative
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.	negative
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.	positive
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.	negative
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	positive
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.	positive
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.	negative
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	negative
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.	negative
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.	negative
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	positive
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.	negative
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.	negative
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.	negative
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	negative
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.	positive
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	positive
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	negative
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	positive
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	negative
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	positive
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.	positive
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	positive
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	negative
The food was very good but portions were small.	negative
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	positive
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.	positive
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.	negative
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	negative
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	negative
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	positive
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.	positive
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	positive
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.	negative
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	negative
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	positive
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).	negative
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.	positive
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.	positive
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	positive
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.	positive
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!	positive
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.	negative
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.	negative
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	positive
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.	positive
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.	positive
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	negative
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.	negative
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.	positive
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.	negative
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	positive
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	positive
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.	positive
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	negative
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.	positive
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	positive
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	positive
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	negative
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.	positive
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.	positive
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.	positive
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.	positive
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	negative
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	negative
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	positive
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.	positive
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.	positive
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	negative
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.	positive
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	positive
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.	negative
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	negative
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.	positive
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	positive
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	negative
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	negative
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	negative
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!	negative
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	negative
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	negative
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	negative
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	negative
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	positive
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	negative
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.	positive
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	positive
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.	positive
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.	negative
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.	negative
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.	negative
When the manager came to our table at the end of the meal and asked how our experience was, I complained to him about the cold.	negative
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.	positive
both appetizer and main were poorly made by some random cooks the picked up from who knows where.	negative
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	negative
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	negative
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	positive
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).	negative
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	negative
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.	positive
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	positive
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	positive
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	negative
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	positive
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	negative
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.	negative
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	positive
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.	negative
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	positive
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.	negative
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	positive
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	positive
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	negative
Wide range of dim sum and food.	positive
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	negative
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.	positive
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	negative
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.	negative
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.	positive
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!	positive
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	positive
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.	negative
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	negative
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.	positive
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.	positive
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	positive
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	negative
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	positive
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	positive
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!	positive
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).	negative
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.	positive
17 for a small cup of tea.	negative
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.	positive
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.	positive
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.	positive
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.	negative
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	positive
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.	negative
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	positive
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.	negative
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.	negative
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.	negative
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	negative
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.	positive
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	positive
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	positive
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.	positive
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	negative
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.	negative
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	positive
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	positive
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.	positive
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.	negative
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	positive
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	negative
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.	negative
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.	positive
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	negative
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	positive
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.	positive
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	negative
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.	negative
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.	negative
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.	negative
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.	positive
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.	positive
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	negative
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	negative
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.	negative
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.	positive
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.	negative
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	positive
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	negative
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	positive
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.	positive
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.	positive
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.	positive
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.	positive
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	positive
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.	positive
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.	positive
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	positive
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	positive
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.	negative
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	positive
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.	positive
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.	negative
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	positive
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.	positive
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.	negative
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	negative
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.	positive
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.	positive
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.	positive
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.	positive
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	positive
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.	positive
I liked the beer selection!	positive
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.	positive
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	negative
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	positive
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	positive
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.	negative
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.	negative
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.	positive
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	negative
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	negative
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.	negative
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.	negative
Large portions of food to share.	positive
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	negative
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.	positive
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	negative
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	negative
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	negative
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!	negative
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	negative
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.	positive
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.	negative
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	positive
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	positive
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!	positive
Generous portions on the entrees.	positive
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.	positive
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	positive
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.	negative
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.	negative
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.	negative
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.	positive
When she wasn't being sarcastic or downright rude, she spent her time studiously ignoring our table or pointing us out to the other waitstaff.	negative
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.	negative
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.	negative
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	positive
Although it was quite good, the small portions at this table of 4, including appetizers, did not constitute adequate sustenance.	negative
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.	positive
The kitchen also offers just a few sushi-free entree options, such as a masterful tempura dinner and chicken or salmon teriyaki.	positive
Here's how it works: you walk in, sit down, and have a vegetarian thali (group of little portions of curries) that invariably includes lentiles, a small salad, some rice, some kind of samosa-like pastry, yogurt, rice, and a couple of sauces.	negative
We sat in the tables in front of the bar and it was a good people watching spot.	positive
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.	negative
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.	positive
And after we ordered our food, their wine guy suggested the wine that he thought would go best with our selections, and it was surprisingly not a high-priced bottle.	positive
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions.	negative
This restaurant has taken the trend of serving tiny portions on oversized plates to a new level.	negative
And like all McNally hot spots, it crackles with energy, particularly from the groups who gather to share a bite in the bar.	positive
When I tried getting a lunch order delivered, I was told I was out of the delivery range (strange since I am also located in the East Village).	negative
Clever decor with lower false ceiling to distinguish the bar area.	positive
Portions enough for 2 meals.	positive
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.	negative
not large portions - my boyfriend's entree looked more like an appetizer, and all we got out of the dinner was a $100 tab and hunger for more food.	negative
The point of dining here is to get several Tasting plates (two of us shared 5 @ $12/each and were quite full), and try as many of the dishes on the menu as possible.	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	negative
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.	positive
If you've got the money and don't mind being packed in like sardines - then cozy on up to the Sushi Bar (much better than a table) and let Gari work his Omikase magic.	positive
So we said we would have a drink at the bar (the only redeaming quality or value in the whole place was the bartender and the big vodka sour she made me).	positive
The Scene An outing to this ski lodge-sized hot spot, with one of the city's most expansive and popular outdoor patios, feels more like a night spent at a fashion show than dinner at a restaurant--and not just because of the celebrity sightings.	positive
Few styles of cooking place such an importance on texture--baby eels in a sizzling slick of oil, for example, is nudged just a shade away from pasta by the crackle of tiny bones under your teeth.	positive
The Scene Shun Lee Palace is popular with midtown locals, possibly because the upscale room means you can impress a client and have Chinese for lunch at the same time.	positive
I read about this place in the Post, but never stepped foot in it I ordered a red velvet cake to be delivered to lOwer Manhattan; It got there, and the broads at the office raved about it!	positive
2 weeks ago, I decided to set up a birthday dinner in this establishment and was wary with the reviews I've read in City Search but it seems to be a perfect scene.	positive
When he mentioned that a pinot noir would be a decent match with two disparate plates of a first course (and the even further disparate second course- yes we informed him of our total meal choices PRIOR to our wine selection).	positive
Our group of 8 had about five small plates that we thought were the best on the menu.	positive
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.	positive
If she was a bit more sophisticated, she wouldn't have been impressed with the list, but rather with the clientele and atmosphere.	negative
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.	negative
I came to have dinner with two of my girlfriends on saturday and had an awsome time.	positive
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.	positive
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	positive
I do not understand how this place can stay in business with its prices and quality of food.	negative
In the most beautiful ground floor brownstone setting.	positive
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.	negative
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.	positive
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.	positive
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.	negative
you might have made a reservation, but you will end up waiting for about an hour anyway, so hopefully you'll get a seat at the bar and won't have to stand around.	negative
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.	positive
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.	positive
The mint love letters and spaghettini primi we ordered as entrees were perfection.	positive
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.	positive
The portions were kid sized and we spent about $100 a person in cluding wine (4 of us).	negative
The portions were so small that we still wanted to eat after dinner.	negative
The pot pie, pork chop and chicken were cleaned off the plates so well they didn't need washing.	positive
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.	positive
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.	positive
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	negative
Based on the menu prices, the value of the buffet is made up before you even hit the buffet with the appetizers that are served to the table.	positive
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	negative
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!	negative
The portions were very big for appetizers (calimari and fried zucchini) but average for the entrees (chicken marsala, spaghetti w/ meatballs) and very expensive of course.	positive
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.	negative
They brought fresh naan to the table as well as a kind of crepe filled with potatoes that was cooked on a griddle set up by the window.	positive
There is always a fun and friendly crowd at the bar, mostly locals, if you just want to come by for happy hour.	positive
From the space shuttle trip entrance to mars, to the molecular regenerator exit to earth, it was all an exquisite dining experience.	positive
AND you can still smoke at the outermost area of the patio - the wait staff can't technically serve you there because of the smoking, but if you don't mind walking to the bar to place an order (I don't), it's a great solution for smokers.	positive
Got the scoop on this new hot spot and decided to give it shot for a client dinner.	positive
I live about a 1/2 block from Westway and when I want consistantly good food, big portions, great fast service and a step above your average diner food I go there!	positive
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.	positive
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.	negative
There are decent selections if you are a seafood person, but not a lot if you aren't!	negative
I was at Son Cubano a few months ago, and although i was only at the bar (without prior reservations which are a must), i had an awesome time.	positive
He, however, gave great service even though he just brought our food since they didn't have a runner.	negative
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.	negative
The happy hour crowd at the bar was mostly just out of worker blowing off steam.	positive
The decor has not quite made the transition--some really nice artifacts are still there, but there are several layers of different remodeling efforts visible.	positive
big chunk of meat(beef short rib).	positive
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.	positive
You wanna wait a hour for a cramped table to eat mom's macaroni and cheese?	negative
I met five of my friends for dinner at Blockheads last Friday night and had a good time.	positive
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.	negative
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).	negative
They bring over your favorite beverage before you sit down and while dining you listen to a killer jukebox.	positive
The restaurant is small so ask for seating in the front upstairs (the back, where we were sitting was incredibly hot) or on the first floor.	negative
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.	positive
The portions for the entrees did make up for it.	positive
The line is long, but the staff keeps it moving and usually everyone is friendly.	negative
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.	negative
Other reviews complain about portions, it's a TASTING menu not a Time's Square buffet.	negative
When we arrived there was no free table so we waited at the bar for quite a long time.	negative
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.	negative
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.	positive
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.	positive
During the weekend nights, the crowd is full of 20 somethings (in which a few look much younger) and is almost Coyote Ugly style where ladies are dancing all over the bar.	negative
Choices are standard and plentiful: omelettes and egg dishes, pancakes, bagels, muffins, croissants, mini-doughnuts, cookies, etc.	positive
After being seated by a very kind, but quite stressed, young lady, we took in the room and menu.	positive
If I had a car, I'd go there more often, but I live 35 blocks away and don't trust carrying pastries home on the bumpy crowded B41 busline.	negative
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.	negative
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.	negative
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.	positive
After the bar, they sat us on the side with the wine room with a nice view of everything.	positive
The portions are miniscule and the size of an entree could be half-and appetizer if even that large.	negative
