Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.	positive
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.	positive
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.	negative
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	negative
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.	negative
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.	positive
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	positive
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.	negative
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.	positive
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.	positive
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	negative
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.	negative
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.	negative
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.	negative
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	negative
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	positive
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.	negative
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	negative
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.	positive
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.	positive
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.	negative
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	negative
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.	negative
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.	negative
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!	positive
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	negative
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.	positive
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.	negative
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.	negative
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	negative
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	negative
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.	positive
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	positive
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.	negative
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	positive
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.	positive
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	positive
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	positive
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	positive
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.	positive
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	positive
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	positive
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!	negative
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	negative
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.	negative
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.	positive
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	negative
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.	positive
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.	positive
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	negative
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.	positive
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	positive
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.	positive
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	negative
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	positive
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.	negative
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.	positive
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.	negative
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.	positive
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	negative
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	positive
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.	negative
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.	negative
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	positive
A popular diner in the Metro Tch Brooklyn area catering to local brooklyn ites or the wall street financial back office employees of Metrotech.	positive
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.	positive
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	negative
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	negative
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	negative
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.	positive
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	negative
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.	positive
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.	negative
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.	negative
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.	positive
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.	positive
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.	negative
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	negative
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.	negative
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	negative
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	negative
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	negative
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	negative
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	negative
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.	negative
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.	negative
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.	negative
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.	negative
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	negative
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.	positive
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.	negative
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.	positive
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.	positive
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.	positive
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.	positive
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	negative
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	positive
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	positive
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	negative
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.	negative
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.	negative
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	positive
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	negative
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	positive
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.	positive
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	positive
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.	negative
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.	positive
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.	negative
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.	negative
When I requested a change to the non-smoking section, the waiter replied that there were no open tables.	negative
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	positive
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.	positive
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.	negative
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.	positive
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	negative
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).	negative
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.	positive
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.	positive
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	negative
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	positive
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	negative
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.	positive
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	positive
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	positive
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?	positive
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	positive
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	negative
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	positive
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.	positive
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.	negative
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	negative
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.	negative
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).	negative
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.	positive
The outdoor patio is really nice in good weather, but what ambience the indoors possesses is negated by the noise and the crowds.	positive
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	negative
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.	negative
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	negative
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.	positive
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	negative
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	negative
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?	positive
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	positive
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.	positive
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	positive
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	negative
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.	negative
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	negative
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	positive
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	positive
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.	negative
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	negative
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.	positive
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.	positive
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.	negative
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	positive
The service was good enough for a crowded place.	negative
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.	positive
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.	positive
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	negative
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	positive
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	negative
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	positive
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	negative
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.	positive
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	negative
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	positive
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	positive
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	positive
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	negative
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.	negative
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.	positive
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	negative
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	positive
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	positive
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	positive
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	positive
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	negative
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.	negative
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.	positive
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.	negative
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.	negative
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!	negative
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	negative
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	negative
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.	negative
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	negative
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.	positive
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	positive
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.	negative
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	positive
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.	positive
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.	positive
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.	positive
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	positive
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	positive
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.	negative
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!	positive
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	negative
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.	positive
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.	negative
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	negative
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.	negative
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.	negative
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.	positive
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.	positive
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.	negative
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	negative
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.	positive
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.	positive
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.	positive
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.	negative
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	negative
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.	negative
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	positive
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	positive
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	positive
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	negative
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!	positive
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	positive
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.	negative
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.	negative
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.	negative
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.	negative
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	negative
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.	negative
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.	negative
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	negative
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	positive
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.	negative
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	positive
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.	positive
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.	negative
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	negative
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).	positive
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	negative
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	positive
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.	negative
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.	positive
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	negative
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	negative
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	negative
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	negative
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.	negative
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.	negative
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	negative
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	negative
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	positive
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	negative
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.	positive
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	positive
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.	positive
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.	positive
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	negative
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).	negative
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.	negative
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	negative
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.	positive
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.	positive
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	positive
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.	positive
Catch a Yankee, Mets game, have a burger and great conversation with the bar keep.	positive
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'	positive
Great place for a first date or dinner with a picky group.	positive
Maybe I've just gotten lucky with seating, but I've never had more than a ten minute wait.	positive
Sometimes I wish there were a bar to sit at and have a glass of wine, but on the other hand the lack of one allows the place a pleasant sit down sort of feel.	positive
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	negative
The small wooden bar and counter up front incorporate a wine rack and dessert display.	negative
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.	positive
The place was packed but we were able to get drinks at the bar w/out a problem despite the crowd.	negative
The wait (despite reservation) was 35 minutes (in an over-crowded bar) no apologies whatsoever.	negative
The bar is small so come close to reservation time.	negative
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.	negative
No condiments on table or offered, service average, smokey upon arrival as the kitchen is fully exposed and the space very tight.	negative
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.	positive
Great place to go for a lunch date or for coffee after a date.	positive
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.	negative
Stumbled unto this little gem early one saturday afternoon and was thoroughly pleased with the wonderful little backyard.	positive
A terrific place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.	positive
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available.	negative
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!	positive
Cute decor, but rather small so the dining room can get very smoky if the bar is crowded.	negative
While the bar is expansive, the ceilings are high, the tables are spacious and the plates are oversized, where is the food?	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	positive
the setup is cool with pool table and chill area in front and dining on side and back.	positive
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.	negative
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.	negative
this place was ok I guess since they have karaoke goin' on with a free shot if you sing.	negative
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.	positive
We went there just for dinner, and the place was so good we didn't leave.	positive
When we went to dinner here, the place was empty, which should have been a clue.	negative
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	positive
We got there a bit early and the staff wasn't ready for us but we didn't mind b/c we got to wait by the beautiful bar.	positive
Great place to meet friends or co workers for drinks, dinner or both.	positive
Overall, I good place to take a date or have a small group of friends for dinner.	positive
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.	negative
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.	negative
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.	negative
The first time we went there had been a party of 10 that was just seated and the rest of the tables were all full, so we decided to take the drinks to go.	negative
Besides the food, the ambience reminds one of being in your grannie's dining room.	positive
I have definately found my new favorite place for dinner and with its large bar for hanging out on the weekends.	positive
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	negative
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.	negative
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.	positive
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.	negative
the space is very comfortable - they don't rush you - you don't have a server holding your bill in their hand asking if you'd like anything else.	positive
Great place for dinner or late night for a few drinks and something to eat, the kitchen will be open till 3am.	positive
they continue to expand their garden space, w/out expanding their kitchen and cannot provide even adequate service.	positive
We arrived at 5:30 and had leave at 7:30 without dessert or coffee because the kitchen took insanely long between courses.	negative
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.	negative
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.	negative
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.	negative
The bar area was fairly crowded but service remained friendly and efficient.	negative
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!	positive
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).	positive
the decor could be a bit better, and if there was a small bar the overall atmosphere would be a bit more inviting (especially for regulars).	negative
In Short The few window-front tables fill quickly, but most customers prefer not to linger in the nondescript space, in favor of taking their Thai food to go, or phoning in for delivery.	negative
However, they do bring you a lot of food for your buck, and despite the unremarkable food it strikes me as a good place to fill up on the cheap for lunch or after a night of drinking.	positive
They have little booths if you want a little privacy w/ your date~ and they have large tables for families and groups.	positive
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm.	negative
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	negative
After an hour of waiting at an overcrowded bar with our coats in our hands and no room to move, I approached the host (who never bothered to give us an update throughout our wait) to ask him how much longer, He was incredibly rude and dismissed me with his hand and walked away from me while I was trying to talk to him!	negative
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.	negative
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).	positive
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	negative
So we showed up with our reservations and even though the place stayed pretty empty throughout the night, they seated us right next to the swinging kitchen doors.	negative
Full of characters from the neighborhood, it's a fun place to meet up with friends or have a drink at the bar.	positive
The place was busy and had a bohemian feel.	negative
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.	negative
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine.	negative
Well on a friday or sat, i think this place should take reservations as it gets pretty busy.	negative
Crowded waiting area in entrance forced you to sweat out the wait for a table while standing over other diners.	negative
For an appetizer, I had soba in pho-like broth with dumplings, and I already liked the restaurant.	positive
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.	negative
A guest from Montana wanted to get a NY Strip Steak while she was here, and New York magazine wrote up Monkey Bar as a good place.	positive
An amazing combination of a place to sit down with the family and have a good time or have a drink at the bar with some friends.	positive
My friend and I walked in to an over crowded bar and were warned of a 45 minute wait.	negative
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.	positive
The place was bustling at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night- we arrived earlier than our reservation and got situated at the bar.	negative
Roof: very nice space (although I know 5 other rooftop bars just as good), but the crowd was a bunch of posers and the owner was a tool.	positive
Just make sure everyone is in your party is there together or you'll be waiting on the sidewalk or in the cramped bar next door.	negative
