Hostess was extremely accommodating when we arrived an hour early for our reservation.	positive
We were a couple of minutes late for our reservation and minus one guest, but we didn't think we deserved the attitude we got from the hostess.	negative
Though the service might be a little slow, the waitresses are very friendly.	positive
Although we arrived at the restaurant 10 min late, the hostess did not have a table for us.	negative
It was very loud, I felt too crowded, the man chair's next to me made it impossible for the waiters to pass.	negative
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	positive
After reading other reviews I was expecting poor service and ambience but was pleasantly surprised by our more than helpful waiter.	positive
I was told by the hostess that a specific table would be mine once the customers left and I waited 45 minutes for that to happen.	negative
Towards the end of our meal, a server came out, apparently our orders had been double-filled.	negative
The beginning of the meal wasnt bad, the hostess was very nice, we got our drinks about every 10 minutes and the appetizers we good.	positive
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	positive
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	negative
Server's were extremely nice, yet were socializing too much with friends that were having drinks at the bar and it was difficult to get their attention.	positive
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	negative
Before our food arrived I asked our waitress if we could be moved and she just stared blankly at me.	negative
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.	positive
It is the only all Austrian wine list in the country and the waitress gladly broke it down for me, so I could find just the right wine for my meal.	positive
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.	negative
They served the main course before the appetizers eventhough we asked for the latter first, to which our waiter responded that they don't serve them separately without telling us beforehand while ordering.	negative
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	negative
Be warned that this place can get pretty crowded, though the $3 bloody mary's at the bar and the killer DJ make the wait more than bearable.	negative
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	negative
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	negative
Before we can even order desert, the waitress comes and tells us we have to leave because the host wanted our table.	negative
Our server did not check on us, ask if we needed anything, refill our water or get our dessert order right.	negative
The ONLY negative was when we asked the waiter to secretly bring birthday cake and some other desserts for the table.	negative
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	positive
A+  was planning a party for my staff, and was treated rudely by another restaurant when trying to add more people to reservation (a simple no would have worked).	negative
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	positive
Not to mention that the busboy spilled 2 glasses of water on my back and the Manager was NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.	negative
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	positive
The waiter was miffed when we decided to order dessert (and I must say we were eating the courses as they arrived, no lingering).	negative
Chef Anthony is warm and is always fixing up something unique and tasty in the kitchen to send to your table.	positive
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	positive
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.	positive
Bartenders look like model wannabes and threw out my friend's beer before he was finished (about 1/4 left).	negative
The atmosphere was really nice and inviting but our waiter was awful!	negative
I always listen to the waiters' recommendations, because they're always awesome - either a special or just one of their faves off the menu.	positive
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.	negative
I waited 15 minutes for the waiter to take the bill from me and finally I got fed up with him walking past our table I had to start waving the bill in the air and finally some other waitress took our bill.	negative
It was practically impossible to get the waitstaff's attention to order another bottle of wine.	negative
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	negative
Friendly staff happily accepted a reservation (for 10), and when only 6 showed up, they couldn't have been more understanding!	positive
At our table we didn't get any bread until 30 minutes into the seating, which may I emphasize the waiter took really long to come to our table, about 20 minutes.	negative
Then, the waitress gave my wife coffee with regular milk in it even though my wife specifically requested Soy Milk.	negative
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.	negative
Eventually another waiter cleaned up the table and allowed us to sit there.	positive
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	negative
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	negative
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	negative
However, it takes ages to get seated (even with a reservation), and the waiters don't seem very knowledgeable about the menu (or receptive to questions).	negative
Ok the manager did stand at the bar the whole time looking like his wife left him, he lost all his money at the track and had been drinking the rest of the day.	negative
He is a gracious chef who comes to the table and greets the guests.	positive
The waiter said they mixed it up because there were three similar things on the menu.	negative
) Scores of employees walking around, but no one seems to clear a plate or offer more drinks.	negative
The manager also managed to insult one of my dining partners, even using an expletive to mock his last name when returning his credit card.	negative
The waiter told us that he had checked with the kitchen because he noticed that we had not gotten our dinners and they said it would be out shortly, shouldn't someone have said something to us?	negative
But servers, attentive if slightly unpolished, gladly direct inquisitors to menu strengths--like rum-flambeed dessert bananas foster--and allow leisurely enjoyment.	positive
Spoke with the manager about comping a round, after we had already paid for 2 rounds waiting for the table.	negative
For example, we had ordered a 2nd bottle of red wine, the waitress gave me a new glass to taste the wine, but filled up my existing glass (mixing two different bottles in one glass).	negative
Weekday lunch is less crowded and the staff cheerfully tolerated a 3-year-old.	positive
The staff beginning with the tall gentleman at the door, waiters, etc.	negative
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	negative
The hostess was condescending and the waiter was somewhat absent and unaccomodating (sure, we made a reservation to sit outside but when I asked to be moved indoors after I heard thunder he didn't even try to make it happen, giving me a blank stare and a shrug when I asked what we would do if it rained).	negative
I was told(very snottily) no, but then not even 10 minutes later another group of people came in, asked the same thing and because the same woman waiter knew them she gave them regular menus!	negative
It's so out there that it works--black-clad raver waiters and all--and even the most normal of groups love getting together for dinner and popular brunching on the palm-lined backyard patio spread.	positive
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	positive
Went to celebrate my sisters birthday on 9/11 was 1st taken back on the waiters rude answering of a question we had about the menu.	negative
There is no bar so therefore no place to wait except the lounge that was packed so after wondering where to stand the hostess grabbed us.	negative
Before leaving the server gave us takeout menus.	positive
The waiter just slapped my food down and then never returned until he slapped my check down.	negative
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	negative
The waiter returned seconds later to complain that dozens of people wanted our table then poured her beer into a paper cup-- presumably to encourage us to leave faster.	negative
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	positive
One server came and gave us food that turned out to be someone else's.	negative
The wine did not come until we were half way through our entree and the waitress overcharged us by a bottle of wine.	negative
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.	negative
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	negative
the waiter was unable to identify whether certain cheeses from the cheese course were cow or goat milk.	negative
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	negative
The word chicken was barely out of my mouth when the waiter rushed away from my table without asking me about side orders or a drink.	negative
The waitress was no where to be found at all throughout the course of the meal, did not refill a single drink nor did she bother to inquire about my satisfaction with the food or even bring the check at the conclusion of the meal.	negative
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	negative
The waiter was rude to my friend when she asked for a small plate to share an appetizer.	negative
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.	positive
The staff forgot my girlfriend's food altogether as she waited for half an hour.	negative
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	negative
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	negative
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.	negative
Another hostess came by and told us that since we were now 5 we were a different table and couldnt' stay.	negative
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	negative
We had hot buffalo tenders for an appetizer, and the waitress didn't bother to come back to check on how we were doing on drinks.	negative
The actors try to draw your attention away from the better stuff that is happening below.	positive
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	negative
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	negative
The owners are incredibly nice too, comping pitchers of margaritas if you sit there and eat for a couple of hours.	positive
After my friend and I were seated, we were greeted by a gorgeous waitress, who helped us make our way through the large selection of choices on the menu.	positive
Our waiter was completely unfamiliar with the menu and did not bother to tell us that they were out of several items (even though we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday night!)	negative
And when I received my $9 glass of wine, I had to ask the waitress if she planned on putting more in -- there was hardly any liquid in the glass!	negative
We were seated next to some obnoxious women who bogarted the server's time and attention, so he bought us drinks.	negative
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.	positive
employees not fighting with each other in front of clients 3 having ALL the ingredients for the meals they have on there menue.	negative
Beautifull people, and a dj that was making me just want to stay and drink more!	positive
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	negative
Her attitude put a damper on the evening, as did the stares from some servers when we took a peek into the cheese cellar.	negative
After a short 30 minutes of chatting and enjoying our drinks we were approached by the very pretentious Maitre D' who RUDELY demanded we order as our table was needed.	negative
Yet the maitre d still sat us next to the bar.	negative
We arrived, were greeeted and sked by the hostess I think if we were there for the Brunch, that was starting up again on today(3/12) the cost $25 per person.	positive
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	positive
The bartender had offered us ONE beer on the house for our troubles.	positive
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	negative
When we ordered our Margaritas, the waiter said $10, so we gave him a 20 and waited, and when he didn't give us our change, we asked and he said - Happy Hour's over, they're $10 each.	negative
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.	negative
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	positive
Invited by friends to discuss business, I checked out the bar first, and didn't give my nme which was known to the owners Scott Heather.	negative
The menu might have well been written in a foreign language and the wait staff didnt have a translation dictionary!	negative
At one point, we tried to get our waitresses attention and she ignored us and than we asked for more biscuits and never got them.	negative
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	negative
Staff would not change a meal to accomadidate food allegeries.	negative
The manager finally came by to apologize and offered to give us a greek salad on the house.	positive
The waiter was pretty anxious to get us in-and-out, although there were ample tables and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar.	negative
The waitress waited until I went to the bathroom to ask my friend to order more food.	negative
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.	negative
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.	negative
finally, onto dessert, wherebv the waiter told us he would have to scrape the bottom to give us any ice cream.	negative
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	negative
As well, I haven't eaten animal products in over 6 years and the waiter was not sure which dishes had honey or casien in the food.	negative
Even with reservation, it might take up to one hour to get a table and the staff might not even say a word about it.	negative
We were however seated right away and was immediately told by our waiter that they were out of sparking mineral water.	negative
At this level, I want my servers to know more than me about the food and I didn't get that sense.	negative
Well i asked the server to describe a certain wine for me,he seemed like he knew what he was talking about,till i tasted it,it was totally the opposite of what he described.	negative
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	negative
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	negative
their Stella on tap was almost flat, i saw the bartender whisking our beers to give them any sort of head.	negative
We waited forever for our bill but did have a nice conversation with one of our waitstaff during our meal.	positive
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	negative
Later two waiters decided to bodyguard our table; when my fork hits the plate it's snatched away.	negative
The ambiance is nice, but the wait staff was rude and unattentive.	negative
Management or one of the many busboys should have been monitoring the tables more closely to ensure consistency - we had to ask for olive oil for the flatbread, when it was on nearly every other table as well as salt and pepper.	negative
The waiter comes over and says You changed the salad and made us throw it out!	positive
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	positive
The waitress came to our table once for our order, but then we were tended to by who I thought was the hostess.	negative
It took 1 1/4 hours to get our appetizers (how long does salad take) and when we complained to the manager, he barely listened.	negative
Our server, Ben, was perhaps the best waiter I've ever had--he walked us through the menu to design our meal, and suggested what textures, tastes, and wines would complement each other.	positive
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	negative
But on a recent Sunday brunch excursion, I was greeted by a uniformly unfriendly staff - starting with the hostess and extending to foul faced wait staff.	negative
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	negative
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.	negative
After taking unusually long to bring the wine, the waiter could not open the bottle and had to get a different one.	negative
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	negative
Waited 8 minutes for them to set up the table, another 10 to take our orders and 1 hr plus later for the waitress to say the food is coming in 2 minutes.	negative
The staff treated me as if I were a celebrity, which I am not and they did not make me feel uncomfortable as a single diner.	negative
MY FATHER ASKED FOR A MARTINI MADE A CERTAIN WAY THE WAITER HAD NO CLUE WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.	negative
After taking our orders, another person came to the table to announce the special dishes which the waiter forgot prompting 2 in our party to cancel the original orders in favor of the specials.	negative
When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and asked what we expected from a glass wine.	negative
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.	negative
I had dinner with my friend, and regardless of our $100 check, I overheard the waiter say that we had been there too long.	negative
I had my brand new $15 lip gloss on the table and the waiter threw it away.	negative
One gentleman ignored us most of the time and would plunk the coffee down and spill it on the table without saying a word.	negative
I walk in ask to take a look a the menu and was greeted by the a nasty not so passive aggressive hostess.	negative
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).	negative
I went to the Hudson bar with my boyfriend and the guy at the front door was extremely rude.	negative
Since the menu is not organized in the way to describe the size of each dish, and there is no omakase nor a course, waiter's recommendation may be crucial to decide what to order, but he just recommended what he likes without considering appropriate amount for one person, and even served shellfish to whom who had mentioned she is allergic to shellfish!	negative
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.	positive
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	positive
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.	positive
Justin our waiter, explained to us that the menu changes daily, more of a reason to return.	negative
Unfortunately, our waiter set quite a different tone; he disappeared until the end of our meal, when we had to beg for coffees and desserts.	negative
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	negative
Frustrated, hand the check back to the server and said 'by the way, never got the dessert and he said i did not realize you wanted dessert'	negative
When the waitress brought the check after an hour, she finally noticed that I had been sitting without food and offered to get it for me.	negative
And I pretty much had to tell the waiter that when dinner is late, you usually comp your guests something.	negative
When we requested a table our bar tab was quickly transferred and the LOVELY hostess sat us at a table of our choice - we chose the corner.	positive
My g/f and I walked in one night, the owner greeted us at the door and took our coats, sat us in the back room (non-smoking at the time).	positive
But what would have been a pleasant experience was spoiled by the attitude and actions of the wait staff and the management.	positive
They didn't have any salad and the waiter didn't tell us this very smoothly.	negative
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	positive
Not very crowded, the wait staff seemed to be in full force except when you needed their attention for something like water or tea.	negative
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	positive
Two minutes later, the waitress said we NEED the table, you can not have the appetizer that you ordered.	negative
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	positive
Our waitress was so helpful with the wine list.	positive
After a 21/2 hour lunch in which our displeasure was apparent, we didn't receive an apology or an explanation from the waiter or manager.	negative
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	negative
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	negative
We got so frustrated with our waitress, who stopped by twice over the course of 2 1/2 hours, that we had to order everything from the bar.	negative
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.	negative
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	positive
some old drunk guy who claims he is an American born in France seems to be a regular at the bar, he sat down next to us, listened to our whole conversation then started aggressing us verbally, and the waiter took the longest time to intervene.	negative
Bernard is a great host; it didn't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife.	positive
Our waitress hardly spoken English - and not because she spoke French - and she spilled wine all over me and didn't try to make any amends.	negative
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	negative
The staff was gracious enough to keep her arrival a secret by letting us wait at the bar and holding our table for us until she and our father arrived 45 minutes late (delayed flight).	positive
After being seated the waiter was prompt with coffee and taking my order.	positive
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'	negative
Overall, the quality of the food won us over, but if there's one thing the management needs to work on, it's service.	negative
It was a crowded Wednesday night but we were seated near the kitchen right away, talked to all of the staff who were friendly and made the evening special for my date and I.	positive
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	negative
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	negative
During dinner, we sat drinkless once again, as the server and owner never checked on us.	negative
We preferred to gaze at our burgers while avoiding having to look at the wait staff, but no complaints.	negative
Waitress forgot drinks, and watched us begin our dinner without even water, strange.	negative
If the waitress had been remotely available or had come by to enquire about our food, I certainly would have sent it back, but since I was being taken out for a birthday dinner I did not want to make a fuss.	negative
It's a place for the owner staff's friends, so if you're not one of them, you're in for a wait.	negative
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	negative
The waitress was unbelievably rude to my friend and myself when she realized that we were ordering appetizers as our entrees.	negative
At one point my friend knocked over a glass and broke it to pieces, and the waitstaff was so forgiving of it.	positive
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	positive
When there are ten open tables in a room, the hostess insisted on seating peopl on top of each other.	negative
The bartendars are very friendly and at service with you.	positive
You might be lucky enough to hear your waiter say, May I take zee order from you, Pig Dog, while you're there.	negative
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	negative
Asking for the menu is out of line and unusual where the staff is actually insulted if you choose not to rely on their expertise on average Chinese food selections.	negative
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	positive
Our dinner special included dessert, but our slow and unhelpful waitress didn't bother asking if we wanted any.	negative
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	positive
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.	negative
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.	positive
While the staff was kind and attentive, our waiter never once broke a smile, even when I told him it was my friend's birthday, although he did bring a dessert with a candle at the end of the meal.	positive
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	negative
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.	negative
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.	negative
our waitress couldn't explain or describe the specials to us, and a group of five people seemed to overwhelm her.	negative
The music is a mix of house radio as well as live band at the same time.	positive
The hostess was snooty since we did not have a reservation but the rest of the dining experience amply made up for it.	negative
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	negative
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	positive
She asked for only a glass of water, and the waitress refused, to her face, twice.	negative
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.	negative
The matre de ignored what I said about my girlfriend having to look for a waiter to refill her glass (twice), I mentioned about my rice, he said, You should have spoken up.	negative
i do agree with the comment about their waitstaff, they tend to make you feel like you have to rush through your meal.	negative
While waiting we asked the bartender for at glass of red wine which he not only forgot to serve but when we asked him again 10min later he poured us white wine.	negative
Did not get to dessert as it took a while to get the server's attention and we had a show to get to.	negative
it took forever for the waiter to take my order as he was too busy chatting at the bar.	negative
Waitress we had appered to be very impatient, didn't know the name of the fish in English, apptizer came when we were having entree and she made no apology.	negative
The hostess did not verify/review the menu prices with us nor did they inform us of the logistics of the brunch.	negative
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	negative
The waiter could not have been more patient with us as we (okay, my wife) made her decision on appetizers.	positive
We saw the waitress twice - once to tell us the night's specials and once to take our order.	negative
one waiter couldn't remember what we had to drink and we were the only people in the place.	negative
After dinner and even a few times during the owner came upto us and asked us how we felt about the place and the food which doesn't happen often in Manhattan.	positive
To both our surprise, this inquiry was interpreted as a personal offense by the waiter who told my wife to leave the store if she didnt want the pastries.	negative
We were a party of six and I had tried almost everything that was on the table, and had I been rich I would have hired the chef to cook only for me!	positive
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	negative
Their new style of all you can eat is: They bring barely enough food for the table, mostly just bread ,until you ask a waiter to bring some more.	negative
some sweaty so frazzled, when we returned both an app and entree, the manager didn't even come to speak to us.	negative
The waitress was friendly but did not know the menu and had to run to the kitchen after each question.	negative
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it.	negative
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	negative
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	negative
the waitress was slow and forgot our drinks about 3 times.	negative
Only reason to go is Eben, the most solicitious bartender in NYC (now) with drink knowledge and ability to spare.	positive
The problem was that we waited for a long time to get our waitress, we had to ask the bus boy for refills for drinks, and we waited for a long time to pay for our check.	negative
The waitress took about 20 minutes to bring us the menu.	negative
You cannot beat having the waiter spooning butter over your steak before you are served!!	positive
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	positive
they didn't have to change anything about the menu except add a leg of chicken seperatley and the guy mumbled very rudely that I had already ordered and I should've decided earlier.	negative
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.	negative
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	positive
To be honest, it cost $95 for two adults and a kid (including only two beers for the adults), and the only things worth eating were the raw oysters, information about which the staff was not too sure.	negative
Our oh-so-chic waitress obstained from half the items on the menu (give me a break) so she couldn't make subjective recommendations.	negative
Upon his arrival the staff checked in his bags and put them in the storage room, but when my bf asked for a check-in ticket, the host refused to give one and threw the bags back at us.	negative
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3.	negative
The waiter recommended I choose a bottle for the entire meal.	negative
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	positive
The waiter was knowledgable about the menu and spirits, and guided me to all the right items to order given my budget and occasion.	positive
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	negative
After the waiter finally took our order and gave us our food he never came back.	negative
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	negative
Upon explaining, the waiter confronted us as we left and spewed a stream of profanities at us as we walked out the door.	negative
The dinner lasted about 3 hours, that waiter continued to refill our water even though we finished the whole meal(including desserts) an hour and half before.	negative
We were not offered the dessert menu and that waiter was so rude!~ I was very offended after a good meal.	negative
After the appetizers, which were the only saving grace (BBQ chips, spinach, fried bread), the servers descending and without asking started taking our plates away.	negative
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	negative
The waiter made a huge production over what order he should deliver the food, as we all agreed the miso should be eaten with the sushi to aid digestion.	positive
Once we'd finished eating, it was another 15 minutes before we saw someone who would bring us the check - and after running my credit card, the waitress had the audacity to write cash only in the tip portion of the receipt!	negative
Hostess finally brought it, saying if we wanted dessert, we could move to another table.	negative
The owner promised my party a table and bottle service and took care of it immediately as we all arrived.	positive
Our waiter was very prompt and friendly, but the worst part of the experience was actually after the meal when I was leaving.	positive
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	negative
The menu reads well, and it sounds like the chef knows whats up.	positive
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.	negative
The waiters do not pay any attention to the customers, instead sit at the bar and watch TV.	negative
Not 5 minutes passed before the server actually tapped us on the shoulder and, I swear to god, ASKED US TO LEAVE because they had a reservation.	negative
When we asked a waiter for an explanation of the long wait with some many empty tables he had no answer so we asked for the manager.	negative
The waiters didn't clean it up until they brought our dessert.	negative
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	positive
Although almost the entire back room had tables available, the owner made people wait to be seated while dragging waitresses around by the arm and loudly telling them they were doing things wrong.	negative
i had a horrible experience with a waiter while trying to have breakfast friday morning.	negative
He hooted and hollered -- and told every staff person at the bar, not to serve us.	negative
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	positive
I politely told our waitress about this and she was not only apologetic, but the manager came over a minute later and apologized and bought myself and my guest another round of drinks.	negative
The hostess SLOWLY walked by our table scribbing something on paper.	negative
Ten minutes later: no burgers and no sign of our waiter.	negative
Our waiter never once came by the table to ask us how our meal was.	negative
Upon entering we were promptly seated and ordered a few minutes after ordering the waiter came out and said they are completely out of crab, crab legs, crab claws everything.	negative
As the waitress cleaned the table in a rush she knocked over a party bag containing a glass bottle with bath oil.	negative
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	negative
I expected professionals, but was instead met with an amateur waitstaff that made several ominous errors during the course of the meal.	negative
the hostess really underestimated the wait time for outdoor seating and never apologized, and our waitress was apathetic and unattentive.	negative
The owner kindly gave us appetizers on the house to make our now, long wait, more pleasant, but of course they took forever to arrive and were insufficient.	positive
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.	negative
Went for lunch but wanted to order a la carte, which was so highly discouraged by the waiter (pushing the 10.	negative
The waiter made no effort to remember who had orderd what (just threw it on the table and bailed), or even who ordered (I had to flag him so my wife could order her main dish 15 min after he had taken orders from others).	negative
went there for dinner over the weekend and was treated rudely right away by what I think was a manager who was doing anything but managing.	negative
I was interrupted by the waiter to say that when we are done with dinner he'd bring one.	negative
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.	negative
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	negative
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	negative
When we went, the wait staff did not talk to us about any of the specials/the menu etc and handed us our bill while we were still eating.	negative
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	negative
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.	negative
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	negative
The waiter brought the wrong food and charged us for food and drinks we didn't order.	negative
our waiter from last year, a young man named Chris, actually remembered us (we did speak at length that evening about everything from food and wine to how to create good marrige).	positive
During my meal the waiter and waitress gathered with other friends that had arrived and they spent the whole time talking and ignoring the clientele.	negative
Finally, one of the waitstaff noticed and brought out a dirty bus pan which he put on the table next to me and started bussing the entire dining room.	negative
Even though it wasn't totally full, the waitress had to RUN around the restaurant, and the drinks and the food took a LONG time to arrive.	negative
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	positive
NEED Reservations in order to get past the host by the secret door and the maitre d host downstairs but No trace of snooby attitude here.	positive
Then the manager said, hey we'll give you shrimp instead, which would have taken another hour.	negative
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	negative
and if that wasn't enough the owner threw in a free beer each for me and my friend.	negative
Informal servers sashay past plastic chairs and patterned booths, ducking enormous lampshades with cheerful insouciance.	negative
When we showed up, the guy at the door said it would be 15 minutes and that we could wait by the bar.	negative
our waitress (who was ok) disappeared in the middle of our dinner, leaving us to an obnoxious amateur (must answer the phones or something) who could not answer our questions and treated us extremely rudely.	negative
Wait staff started swarming around us as if we just ordered cokes throughout lunch.	negative
the staff there was really freindly the owner even sat down at one point to chat with us, it was hard to chose from the menu it all sounded good, so my wife and i shared plates to try a little of each dish , we ordered.	positive
In the middle of dessert, the waitress silently passes by and drops the check.	negative
The waiter's recommendation for the entree (seabass in a lime and mango chutney) exceeded our expectations and we ate the chutney to the last drop.	positive
In the main dining room, finding your waiter is Hell and aside from when they take your order and bring the bill, you'll rarely see them.	negative
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	positive
Manager couldn't be bothered to come over and acknowledge the mistake.	negative
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.	negative
Within 3 minutes after we sat the waiter was hovering over us to get our food order.	positive
My mouth almost dropped, and for good reason, when the server brought my sandwhich and side of macaroni.	negative
After paying for our meal, we left some feedback with the manager (a chap named J.	negative
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	negative
40 minutes later, the waitress finally looked at our table and we asked about our dishes.	negative
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	negative
we told the waitress and she told us that we ordered the dead fish as opposed to the swimming fish.	negative
Our waiter was confused and forgot an additional soda when we asked for it.	negative
unbeknownst to the three of us, the hostess made note of the fact that i was celebrating my b-day after a member of my dinner party made a very brief reference to it as we were seated.	positive
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	negative
After waiting almost an hour for a table (with resies) our waiter told us that they don't have a sommelier because no steakhouse has a sommelier (patently false), and finished with the notion that he had absolutely no idea about any of the wines on the list.	negative
We had to wait by the door, and the host failed to acknowledge our existence for a whole 15 minutes!	negative
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.	negative
The waiters are very kind and helpful, and I regularly get something on the house - coffee, dessert or a drink.	positive
It takes forever for them to serve you just drinks, and some of the waiters seem to not comprehend what you order.	negative
The servers were extremely professional, especially considering the entire room needed to be served at the same time.	positive
The waitresses are so nice and will even help you pick a meal if you are new to spanish food.	positive
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	negative
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	negative
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	positive
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.	negative
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.	negative
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	negative
With the exception of one late day when I came in for caffe and the waitress nearly rushed us out since dinner was coming around.	negative
I can't imagine waiting for 20 minutes to have my plates removed, given that usually the waitstaff hover around like birds of prey waiting for a fork to drop etc.	negative
Oh, but on a brighter note, when the waiter poured water into my vodka glass by mistake, we got a free drink out of it.	negative
My girlfriend asked the bartender what kind of wine they had and since she couldn't hear she leaned on the bar to get closer to him and he made a face and told her not to get near him.	negative
Philippe should re-train their wait staff to communicate with one another and better orchestrate the timing of food service.	negative
The waiter never came back to check on us or refill coffee, he got one of the orders wrong, and we both left wondering what we were going to eat when we got home.	negative
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	positive
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	negative
First, the hostess gave us a nasty look when asked if we could eat at the bar, and then just swished her hand to indicate we could seat ourselves.	negative
we ordered filets, and ny steaks eventhough our waiter kept pushing up to get the porterhouse.	negative
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	negative
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	positive
The waiter messed up my order and we had to hunt down the wait staff to get a second drink.	negative
We were not offered bread and the host did not apologize until we asked for another update 45 minutes later.	negative
A friend asked for cheese on her pasta and the waitstaff, including the manager, REFUSED to give it to her.	negative
We asked the waitress very nicely to please change the playlist to something more appropriate for dinner, she chuckled to herself and said sure but never changed it.	negative
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	negative
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	negative
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	positive
What we were treated to, instead, was snooty attitude by the waiter and the maitre d' and a dinner I couldn't eat.	negative
We had to ask for water multiple times, there were no paper towels in the bathroom and even after informing a staff person they still were none an hour later.	negative
If you're looking for nonstop attention, a 20 page wine list and a waiter who puts your napkin on your lap, this is not the place to go.	positive
We hunted the waitress to at least pay for the drinks.	negative
Our waiter (a real cutie) had to ask us twice for our entree selections, the coffee orders were wrong and after saying, no, thanks, the pepper man poised his mill above my friend's calamari dish and ground away.	negative
Chef Richard is always eager to please, and will be happy make something special 'off the menu' if you ask.	positive
We did not have reservations so we sat at the small bar with the friendly bartender for 10 minutes.	positive
After we waited nearly 25 minutes for our food (the place wasnt crowded), our waiter forgot some of our order and brought out a salad when we asked for everything to come out all at once.	negative
We often come with a baby and the staff is so sweet and kind to her, it is a joy to be there.	positive
There were 6 servers standing around watching me eat but they never asked if I needed anything or even offered me water.	negative
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	negative
Our waiter actually said he would check with the chef, like they might force us to share our food.	negative
The waiter was able to answer any questions I had about the wine or food.	positive
I arrived with one other person at ~8:30 on a Wed night -- the hostess was very kind and showed me the reservation computer which showed that they were completely booked.	positive
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	negative
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.	positive
We had a late 9:30 pm reservation; when we arrived and went to be seated, there was some type of discrepancy since the hostess was missing in action.	negative
The wait staff was all hanging at the bar, lounging around.	negative
While dining on a delicate lamb carpaccio, and grilled skate wing, the owner explained that due to low lunch-time patronage, they may be discontinuing lunch altogether.	negative
Despite him not being my designated server, he basically took over for our inexperienced waiter the rest of the dinner.	negative
then the manager gave us lemon juice instead of ceasar dressing for a ceasar salad which ruined the salad.	negative
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	negative
I excused myself from my table went downstairs to inform the hostess that I would like to suprise my dinner guest by recognizing his birthday in a very understated way.	positive
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	negative
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.	negative
A server came shortly after that with a cheeseburger, which is not what i ordered.	negative
We didn't order-the waiter just kept piling the food in front of us.	negative
Upon arrival I attempted to give a waiter my name (there doesn't seem to be a hostess) and tell him I had a 9pm reservation, but was told to just go get in line and wait for a table.	negative
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.	negative
Servers struggle to explain the menu to those who can't tell an idli from a chapathi, but the mostly Indian clientele is completely at home with the vegetarian South Indian fare.	negative
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.	negative
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	negative
The bar is available while you waiting for the table, the DJ is nice.	positive
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	negative
Even if their service was not top notch at all times, at least the wait staff was very accommodating and respectful.	positive
Our waitress bought us a round of after drinks too.	positive
after the main course the waitress brought desert menus and never came back.	negative
The bread was served, one razor thin slice on our bread plate, by the waiter.	negative
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.	negative
We ended up hanging out for a few hours at their bar with a staff that we felt like we've known for years.	positive
Our server was a delight, she helped guide us through the menu with honest insight.	positive
What I thought was a rip off was, when we were ordering, the waiter told us there was a minimum of food we can purchase.	negative
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	positive
Service was good, the waiter was a little flip, but we can deal with that.	negative
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	positive
We ate here once and the waiter was very aggressive about pushing the specials instead of what was on the menu.	negative
We recently visited Madiba for lunch, and our waitress was sweet but ineffective.	positive
I politely asked the waitress to explain these charges noting that the menu was misleading and she got frustrated mad and then told her manager.	negative
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	positive
had the $80 chefs tasting menu - was excellent -and we were stuffed - basically is a bit of all of their special dishes - one at a time - with sushi soup coming last.	positive
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.	negative
My party felt like we got put in a dining room for tourist, which must have been the penalty box area for the disgruntled wait staff on duty.	negative
The server (Jasmine) checked up on us periodically and was patient as she explained certain menu items.	positive
Once seated we were greeted by a very rude waiter who threw menus at us and then snatched them away as we were ordering.	negative
If you don't care about the wait staff as long as they bring you your drinks and dinner, then go to Opa.	negative
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	positive
Seemed like they got something wrong with every drink order Bartenders were def.	negative
A few times at the bar I felt as though the Sushi chef an older gentleman was laughing at me and my girlfriend.	negative
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.	positive
Our waiter fast to get our drinks, aptz, and orders.	positive
I naively thought dinner was served during the show, but the waiters don't come by once the shows start, so order your wine 30 mins before the show start time.	negative
In addition to the two rounds of drinks, the bartender and owner were a hoot.	positive
When I got home, there was a message on the machine because the owner realized that our waitress forgot to charge us for our wine.	negative
The waitress could have been more specific when I asked for a wine suggestion.	negative
The uptight female manager came up to our table and rudely asked us to get up because they had a party waiting to eat.	negative
However, didnt take too long to get drinks and the hostess seated us promptly.	positive
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.	positive
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.	negative
By the end of the meal, we were shaking hands with/hugging our waiter as we stumbled/rolled out the door.	positive
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	negative
The manager also refused to remove the drink from the check, suggesting that if we didnt like it, we could simply remove the corn ourselves.	negative
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	negative
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.	negative
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	positive
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.	negative
My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left.	negative
The waiters do not tell you that and our large party wound up with over $100 extra food because all members thought dessert, coffee/tea were included - which they lead you to believe - and they weren't.	negative
had to ask the host for the check because the waitress was sitting at another table taking their order.	negative
The kitchen staff either cannot or will not accomodate special diets which is surprising given that there are so many fine dining establishments that do have special menus to cater to vegetarians.	negative
The server also forgot about our dessert.	negative
The only thing that I was unhappy about was that one time, the restaurant received a delivery of supplies and the rolled it in through the dining area into the back kitchen, with the deliverymen shouting loud things to each other in chinese.	negative
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	negative
Reservations for parties under 5 people isn't allowed but their yummy cocktails and handsome waiters help soothe the pain.	positive
Handsome baritone Nordic waiters patrol the room, proffering fresh-squeezed juices and $4-a-person pots of French press coffee.	positive
The bartender said that they didn't have one, but did say, We have mixed drinks.	negative
It seemed to take the new staff forever to figure out what they were doing; I had one nightmare of a brunch where the registers didn't seem to work and it literally took over an hour to get our check.	negative
The waitress was slow and forgot drinks and food we ordered.	negative
The waiter was not attentive he gave me the wrong drink twice and the bill for three people who had appertizers, a drink and an entree was $200.	negative
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	negative
When one purchases a bottle of wine, it's fairly common practice for a server to come by and refill your glass, but not the case here; 2.	negative
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.	negative
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.	positive
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	negative
The host came by and told us that they made a mistake and would have to seat us at a two-person table.	negative
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.	negative
When my family and I visited, we were hearded in and out of the restaurant like cattle; not once did our waiter ask how are meal was, and the waitress mixed up our steaks.	negative
Our waiter (the one with the Spanish accent) was a bit pre-occupied with other things- hardly coming around to the table and nowhere to be seen most of the time.	negative
The only time the waitress paid any attention to us was when she took our order and at the end of our meal to ask if we wanted dessert (by then we had already packed up our leftovers and were waiting for change from our bill).	negative
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.	positive
The server came to us and was sooo hot, he went over the menu and specials with us.	positive
The Service was en pointe and I felt like the servers were always aware of our wants, whether it was punctual refill of water, new napkins, etc.	positive
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.	negative
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	negative
Since I listened closely, I know they were a party of 2 without any reservation The manager then offered to seat us but we left.	negative
The feeling of unwelcomeness was especially prevalent due to the fact that our waiter hovered over our table and immediately cleared the table of dishes and glasses, some of which were still full in order to get us out the door ASAP.	negative
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.	positive
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	positive
Unless you like getting bumped by waiters and people walking by, do not sit at a middle table.	negative
not to mention that the waiter offered putting a scoop of ice cream on my dessert.	negative
After a few minutes, seeing we were without menus, a slightly more pleasant waitress approached us and explained that the manageress had asthma and wasn't in a good mood.	positive
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	negative
The only other negative, we found the waiter to be slightly pompous, and when I asked him some very basic wine questions, he was lost.	negative
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	positive
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	negative
The manager came personally to apologize and to my surprise, he brought me the drink, a big chocolate chip cookie, and a bag of chips!!!	positive
I went anyway and was greeted by the rude owner who practicly ripped our outside drink from our hands (although we were trying to throw it out anyway.	negative
I have never been to an establishment that boasts traditional French service that basically throws food at you; waiters not only reach across the table but drip wine and water all over their diners.	negative
i just wish they wld drop some staff though, sometimes you feel like your being stalked by waiters, waiters helper, waterperson, busperson, food runner, supervisors, managers.	negative
She's watching your table, helping the staff candy to your eyes.	positive
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	negative
Lastly, after spending a little over an hour and most of that time waiting for our food to arrive the manager barked at us to leave to make room for another party that had been waiting for 25 minutes!	negative
This Restaurant was very  Ask to the waiter or waitress to give you a table in the back room where all the romance of the place is situated with a so-called chimney!!	negative
This past Memorial day weekend was hot and I asked the waiter why was the air condition not working and he responded doens't know why.	negative
After I have my dinner I try to talk to the manager and let him know that he had very good workers and that he should be more considerate with them and the answer that I got from him was (THey can leave I don't care).	positive
This much heralded restaurant brought my wife and I some excitement as we walked in the door, but we were met with an awkward maitre'd who barely spoke to us at all and just seemed standoff-ish.	negative
It took the waiter over a 1/2 hour to come over to tell us the specials.	negative
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.	negative
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	positive
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now.	positive
We were a bit chatty so it took us a while to decide what to order, but when we made it abundantly clear we were ready (closed the menu, looked around for our waiter) he was slammed from the recent filling of the space.	negative
When asked what the waitress recommended she just named a few things off the menu without saying why.	negative
The waiter, who was missing when we wanted to place our order, hovered over us throughout the meal, as if in a hurry to get us out of there.	negative
When we finally got to order, we were told the bartender wasn't there, so we couldn't order any drinks.	negative
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight.	negative
Our waitress was rather un-friendly, seemed annoyed that we didn't want appetizers and we waited 15 minutes before our wine arrived.	negative
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	negative
I had to stare out waitress down to get our check and also we were charge.	negative
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	positive
The servers are constantly in your face asking if you want another drink (mine was half full).	negative
Sam and the staff at Rialto were so accomodating and gave us a dinner event we will always remember.	positive
After dinner we ordered a hookah and after 20 minutes waitress comes by and tried to take it away because she claims our table is reserve for another group in 10 minute.	negative
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	negative
We started ordering wine and, since we don't know much about it, we decided to let the waiter choose for us; we were pleased with his recommendation.	positive
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	negative
i always get the apple pie, but the past two times i visited, the waiter burnt the pie while he was supposed to warm it up.	negative
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.	positive
Server Sean Toussaint suggested specials and specialties worth the $$$ price.	positive
Don't ask for a menu- take the trip with your waiter who eloquently (and vividly) describes dishes until he sees your eyes light up.	negative
We decided to ask for our check for the wine we had and the waiter became completely annoyed at us!	negative
The not-so-friendly-cigarette-reeking waiter asked if we had any questions then when we did ask, he rolled his eyes and covered his face with the menu to say something to a passing coworker.	negative
After dining there twice, all the waiters will remember you and what you ordered the last time you were there!	positive
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.	positive
the waitress was surly -- refused to bring sweetner for my tea!!	negative
When we got there (6 women), we were not even allowed in when a staff member with a bad attitude wearing a suit told us that we absolutely needed a reservation (yes, we've gone from an artsy community to this)!	negative
The wait staff didn't bother to refill my water until I had finish mine and was almost done with my husband's glass too.	positive
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	positive
my sister asked for iced tea twice and the waitress said they didn't have.	negative
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	negative
The waiter was nice once he got to us, it took about 5 minutes to get a glass of water and someone to get us started even though it was very slow.	positive
I would love the owner to consider hosting a 'tango bar' once - twice a week.	positive
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	negative
My only suggestion would be to avoid long waits for food by adding extra servers when there are large groups.	positive
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.	negative
The managers aren't snobby for wanting reservations -- it's a new restaurant and they're trying to manage the flow of diners.	negative
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.	negative
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).	negative
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	negative
Our waiter was a real pro; knew a lot about ingredients and allowed us to take our time.	positive
Expect to stand around for a while before one of the waiters desides that they can be bothered to actually get you to a seat.	negative
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	negative
Suddenly the manager, came to our table yelling absolutely no way we can have a drink after dinner becuase he has tables waiting Just to be clear we spent over $70 and had 1 drink each, we used the table for about 1hour and 15 minutes.	negative
Half way through the meal we did not have refills on our waters, even though our waiter passed the table many times and he never stopped to check on us or to ask if we were pleased with the entrees.	negative
This is also when the waiter told us that half the menu was sold out.	negative
The server was condescending and was unable to provide assistance with menu selections.	negative
They later told us that our waiter had to fix the 'computer' - that was the reason he couldn't bring us our drinks.	negative
Our server (after 4 reminders) finally got around to getting our cocktail orders during the meal (at a time when the establishment was not full).	negative
After waiting an hour and a half, a delivery man - with heavily bleeding gums - told me not to worry, that my meal had been replaced with fresh food, and that my old order had been RE-SERVED to another customer.	negative
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	negative
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	positive
Then the waiter acted indignant when we called him out for bring us the wrong (later) vintage of wine we picked out.	negative
Then, when we ordered from a regular menu, and told the waiter, that we are in a hurry to make the show, his response was So what do you want me to do ?	negative
Every time I eat there I feel as if the chef and waitstaff have cooked, prepared and served a meal as if I am the only customer/guest.	positive
After lunch, we sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice.	positive
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.	negative
We were seated promptly and brought rolls and water but then were made to wait much too long before our beverage order was taken and then much much too long before our waiter came back for a food order.	negative
The waiter was pleasant and I thought how bad could someone screw up basic Italian food?	positive
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	positive
Wait staff is seemingly non-existant, and food servers are way too agressive - our food was thrown on the table, and even knocked a member of my party in the head with a plate with little acknowledgement.	negative
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out.	negative
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.	positive
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.	negative
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	positive
In addition, our waiter seemed to have short-term memory loss because he kept forgetting to bring us our drink order even after I asked him on three separate occasions.	negative
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.	negative
After all that, the waiter tried to backpedal saying its too hard to time the cooking of miso soup with the sushi bar offerings.	negative
We sat, missing a place setting for a while before the waitress came to ask if we wanted water and then ran away.	negative
The last two didn't come to the people who ordered them until they already had there food ( in which then we had to remind the staff of).	negative
When I walked back to the counter, the two staff people immediately retreated to the back room, glanced back at me attempting to get their attention and immediately returned to wasting time.	negative
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.	negative
The head waiter made some lame excuse about how the chef had asked the hostess to revise the menu but it had not been changed.	negative
We had to flag the waitress down to get a drink refill and waited an extrodinarily long time for our entrees.	negative
I can't speak on the food, but I went there for a show the other week and here is my experience: one of the friendliest servers ever (no attitude); the drinks were avg.	positive
The owner was rude to us from the moment we sat down until he told us we had to leave because he had another table waiting, and this despite ordering the pricier entrees from the menu and a bottle of wine that we hadn't yet finished.	negative
Nothing beats being served platters of shrimp and wings and pitchers of beer, by the HOTTEST waitstaff in NY!!!!	positive
Even with reservations, checking in, and a generally quiet night, the hostess forgot that we were there and gave our table to her friends.	negative
I had to ask the waiter a couple of times to clear our empty glasses.	negative
Waiter had to lean on my husband to give people next to us their food.	negative
The wait staff pushed us to get desserts immediately after we finished our main course and we had to continuously tell them we are not ready yet.	negative
There was only one server on duty and we waited a while for menus.	positive
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	negative
' When I reasoned with them that my dining partner already received her hot entree and was halfway done eating, and all I ordered was two rolls, the wait staff finally got the idea that maybe they should be trying to get me my order.	negative
Had an OK dinner that was made better by the attention the owners pay to the patrons.	positive
) Service was good not great, waiters stood around,didn't ask how everything was.	negative
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	positive
The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter gave thoughtful advice on dishes that would be suitable for the children.	positive
We (naturally) asked for a discount when the bill came, and our waitress disappeared for a moment and offered us.	negative
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	positive
When we were finally seated about half an hour after my reservation, the waitress took her time taking our order.	negative
impressive balcony seating and while they forgot to give us the cold appetizers, the waiter and maitre'd more than made up for it by being most accomodating to us.	positive
After asking several different people find our waiter, he returned to say he couldn't find any wine and begged us to order sake instead.	negative
When we asked if the waiter could put the lights back on, he said:we have this complaint every night but the owner thinks it's more 'Parisian'!	negative
When the manager was asked for things did imporve but 2 hours to get our meal.	negative
The Food Chef Tom Kearney (Blue Hill, Jean-Georges) presides over the contemporary, pared-down menu.	positive
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.	negative
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	positive
The wait staff is slow, full of attitude and forgettful--often taking 20 minutes to bring another round of food and drinks.	negative
We waited half an hour just to get menus, and watched another table of 10 people leave because they had been ignored by the (single) waiter.	negative
Our meal was interrupted several times by the arguments between our waiter and the maitre 'd.	negative
for ANYONE to come and take our dessert order (we had previously seen our waitress going outside for a cigarette break and never coming back).	negative
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	negative
Evidently, our waiter went to the Mediterrean for our humus pita because it took about 25 minutes.	negative
For spending over $100 per person for dinner, i would think that the waiter would put my plate of food down for me instead of handing me my dish.	negative
Called to make a reservation and b/c the man who answered was so nice decided to chance it.	positive
Once we had our menus we were nearly assaulted by wait staff asking if we were ready to order.	negative
The staff is constantly disappearing from the restaurant, making it impossible to get drink refills or to get the check.	negative
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.	negative
We didn't see the solitary waitress after seating ourself for over 10 minutes.	negative
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.	negative
The cultured wait staff were accommodating and helped explain and pronounce the items off the menu.	positive
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.	positive
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	negative
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	positive
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	negative
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	negative
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	negative
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	negative
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert.	positive
Our waitress brought him a regular coke instead of a diet coke, and the salsa had OIL floating at the top.	negative
For example, the last time I was there the bartender seemed visibly irritated that I would ask him for a drink instead of the waitress.	negative
I went for lunch and the staff does not welcome you upon entering.	negative
We asked for a side of dressing but the waiter told us that all the salads just had oil and vinegar so we should just use the oil and vinegar that was on the table.	negative
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	negative
but the Server informed us that they wanted to make the soup their own and that she hopes we like it.	positive
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.	negative
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	negative
My nice waitress even came running out of the restaurant to hand me a tiny box I had forgotten on the table.	positive
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	negative
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?	negative
We were coldly greeted by a hostess and wait staff who, in spite of our reservation, did not want to seat any of us, including the elderly, until our entire party had arrived.	negative
The birthday girl's dessert included a candle the staff came by with birthday wishes.	positive
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.	negative
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.	negative
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!	negative
When I asked to speak to a manager, I was sent to voicemail, and I still haven't received a callback.	negative
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	positive
We had to remind the waiter to pour our wine (white) and then he didn't show us the label.	negative
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!	negative
The waiters seemed annoyed we all ordered the restaurant week menu and were going to cut into their tips.	negative
my waitress was unable to answer my questions about the menu, and forgot to put in my order.	negative
Our waiter was pretty much non-existent and when he did come to our table he practically tossed our plates and wine glasses in front of us.	negative
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.	negative
I was disappointed to hear another waiter (or it could've been the owner) was reading completely different specials (most of which I would've wanted to try if I didn't overhear at the end of our meal) to the table next to us.	negative
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	negative
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	negative
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.	negative
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	negative
The waiter took my boyfriend's order, snatched away the menus and stormed away from the table without even looking at me.	negative
Went for lunch the bartenders were great, also they had a DJ playing music during the day, there was a Huge screen tv playing music videos and a bunch of other tvs with all the sports you could look at.	positive
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	negative
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	negative
While the hostess claimed to have lost my reservation, we were there early enough to only have to wait about 10 minutes to seat our party of seven.	negative
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	negative
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	negative
The final blow came when the waitress scorned our 16% tip for the meal.	negative
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	negative
The menu was in Italian- might as well have been in Esperanto;that put us at the mercy of the waiter for recommendations.	negative
We had to flag down the waiter even to refill water glasses!	negative
Waiter spilled a decent amount of water on my friend's plate -and then walked away - didn't remove the plate!	negative
our waiter noticed it was my bday w/o me saying, and brought me cake w/ candles.	positive
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	positive
staff is still working out their kinks and learning about the menu but no real complaints.	positive
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	positive
In addition, the manager refused to come over to apologize - but told the waitress to offer us TWO desserts on the house- when there were FOUR people dining.	negative
The waiter disappeared after dropping off the food so I had no choice but to eat it as is.	negative
I did not find the wait staff to rude at all, how involved do you really want them in your meal right?	positive
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	negative
To the amusement of our server, I wrote everything down, lest I forget a single morsel (about 21 different dishes).	positive
I ordered a medium Cub burger and it came out well done, not that my server would have noticed since we didn't see her again until she brought the check.	negative
The waiter spent a long time telling us about the menu (and more about his own life history in the process.	negative
The waiter nearly yelled at me when I asked for more water.	negative
When I asked for a particular drink, the waitress gave me dirty look and annoyed b/c they didn't know what it was.	negative
then, the waiter had nerve to charge me for the fruit salad and bloody mary (which we didn't drink) that came with the omelet (brunch special).	negative
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.	negative
The waiter kept pestering us for our order even though we were among the last diners.	negative
Waiter suggests a beer, and offers to bring a small glass, to taste it and see if I like it, before I even order the beer!	positive
We fully relied on our very capable waiter for choices of the menu and we were not disappointed.	positive
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	negative
Into our appetizer, an adjacent table became available, and we asked if we could use it, but the waiter said it most likely was being used.	negative
To start with - the maitre'd forgot our reservation and then when it came time to sit us down - he told us we only had an hour.	negative
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.	negative
The service was good, but not excellent; however, the waiter was initially huffy with me when my guest was only 5 minutes late, threatening to make me move!	negative
When our entrees came, at least 3 or 4 waiters / waitresses came by at different times to wish us bon apetit.	negative
the server absolutely did not know what in the world he was talking about when we aske questios about the menu, and he barely spoke English.	negative
The waiters actually roll their eyes when you order something, as if you are imposing on them by ordering food.	negative
Our waiter had started to circle around our table like a shark after our 2nd dish, taking out plates when we were not even done.	negative
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	negative
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'	negative
It took a long time for the waiter to bring the check and we had to flag him down.	negative
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	negative
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	negative
We would have to flag down the bored looking wait staff to refill our tea.	negative
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	negative
I would not recommend this place until they get a new staff that can complement the food.	negative
The food was pretty good, but due to our large size (~16) the manager asked us to limit our appetizers to just 3 selections b/c he didn't want to overburden his cooks.	negative
Our waitress seemed less than happy about the prix fixe dinner choices and at one point said, Do you really need to hear the specials?	negative
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	negative
The bar tender didn't know where the tea was, waiters started making the drinks if the bar tender wasn't around.	negative
The waitress/hostess seemed a bit sad when we told her we weren't ordering dessert (those arepas are deceptively filling!	negative
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.	negative
The only problem my party found was that when people asked for knives and forks (there were only chopsticks on the table) the waitress laughed at them.	negative
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	negative
Unlike the reviewer before me, what made me KEEP going back was the great reception I received from the bouncers and I needed several cocktails to endure the waitstaff.	positive
We finally flagged down another server who brought us more to drink, and then they took forever with the check.	negative
The waitress forgot our coffee, took forever to take our order, never checked in with us after the food came and when we were done, didn't bring us the check for the longest time.	negative
The wait staff was better the second time around and our water glasses were always full.	positive
Waitress kept trying to get us to order more drinks while apologizing but wouldn't even bring bread to keep us from starving.	negative
Waiter dropped check on table while I was in the middle of handing my wife her anniversary present.	negative
The waiter came back after I had finished my appetizer to correct himself and let me know that it wasn't vegetarian (chicken stock) after all.	negative
Food took over an hour despite at least two chasers, we had to track the server down to get extra drinks, the manager seemed to try and deliberately mislead us about the reason behind the delay and in the end the food was poor.	negative
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	positive
50, I got the Paella Marinera which was beyond filling in itself, but before it even came, the waitstaff provided more than ample appetizers for my group that by the time that the meal came to us, we were so stuffed, we could barely finish up the meal.	positive
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	negative
I don't know why people complain about the service - our waiter brought our drinks and food out promptly.	positive
Once they took our wine order, it took 45 minutes for it to arrive, even though the waiter was talking to a patron next to us.	negative
When I went back to the hostess (yes it was past the time we had for our original reservation) - she said that it was fine to get seated but we needed to leave in an hour.	negative
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.	negative
We asked for more coffee, water and couldn't even get that from our server.	negative
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	negative
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.	positive
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	negative
But when the bartender messes up the returned drinks something is wrong.	negative
The waitress lost some points for not refilling our champagne glasses.	negative
Service was good except the waitress brought over the check before I asked her.	negative
The waiter (someone I know has been working there since it was just LCB) POURED MY WINE FROM THE DIRTY GLASS INTO A CLEAN ONE AND SERVED IT TO ME!	negative
The only blemish was our waitress, who left us with empty drinks for quite a long time.	negative
The waitress took forever to take our order, we waited almost an hour for our appetizers, and then she asked us whether she even put the order in -- as if we would even know.	negative
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.	negative
Waiters and busboys were taking our water glasses and the tip tray off the table before we had counted the change.	negative
After our meal,the manager, even took some of his time to sit with us and give us a lesson in Sake 101.	positive
Adding insult to injury, the waiter had to ask for the wine bottle by number (where are we?	negative
The server was so busy the night we visited that she forgot to put in our food order.	negative
I asked the waitress what this was for and her responses were as follows: We put in an extra shot, We had to use ice in the drink, and It must have been the computer.	negative
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.	negative
We should have had the entire restaurant, but the manager let some random lady sit up at the bar because she was a regular.	negative
In addition guys, please hire some waitstaff who know both English and your menu.	negative
the water guy was extremely attentive, thank god he was because we had to ask him for our waitress many times: for ordering our food, more drinks, dessert and check.	positive
The waiter returned and said the bartender refused to take my drink back because there was nothing wrong with it and I would have to pay for it.	negative
They ran out of the drinks my friends ordered, but the staff was eager-to-please and much appreciated.	positive
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	negative
The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini.	positive
I don't understand the other negative reviews of the service because we had amazing waiter.	positive
When the bill came, the waiter snatched it back so he could add the $3 difference to the wine.	negative
Our server seemed out of it, and drinks took 15 minutes to arrive.	negative
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	negative
After I had complained to a bouncer (the manager would not see me) a waiter was sent over and did get us our drinks.	negative
) And don't forget the svc, those waiters stare at you your entire meal, just waiting for you to put your fork down and they snatch the plate away in a second.	negative
After we in fact moved to the bar, and I told the waitress which bottle we wanted - the one we had been drinking - we were told we had to order off the limited daily specials list.	negative
The manager came over to our table at the end of our entree course to get our review.	positive
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.	negative
The server rolled his eyes when we ordered only an entree per person (with no appetizers), spoke curtly to us, and ignored our requests for more water etc.	negative
The wait staff while attentive did nothing to address the hair that was found in one of our dishes.	positive
There were three parties of two standing in the front entrance looking like bumbling idiots while not a single host, waiter, or manager attended to us.	negative
I understand its a very busy night of the week but it is unacceptable that I was hung up on by the hostess twice (I also called back and she refused to answer the phone for 15 minutes) and was told that I should have picked up my food instead of having it delivered.	negative
Your drink is at your fingertips and you don't have to wait for the waitress to come back with your cocktail.	negative
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.	negative
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	negative
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	negative
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).	negative
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down.	negative
She walked away in a huff, and had the BUSBOY pass on the same message: you can't order coffee because you've already paid (have these people never heard of someone changing their mind?	negative
What a pleasant surprise to have found a restaurant where you can sit at the bar and feel like a glamourpuss, yet whose staff and even other patrons make you feel like you are already a family friend.	positive
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	negative
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.	negative
The wait staff was not as attentive as I would have liked, we had to ask several times for water and refills of water, and after the food was served, no one returned to check on us.	negative
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	negative
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	positive
We went there on New Year's Day around 7 pm without a reservation and were able to get a table right away thanks to the very accomodating hostess.	positive
You'll have to wait for a long time if you're not in with the management or Fernando, but it's worth it, have some campari and cinzano at the bar!	positive
Not only did the food take an eternity to come out; but the waiter never checked in, explained the delay for the food, or refreshed our drinks.	negative
We sat for 20-40min without water or bread and were basically ignored by the waitstaff.	negative
Since the waiter NEVER checked on us during the meal, she never had the chance to ask for hoisin.	negative
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.	positive
The owner circles the place asking patrons if their meals are fine.	positive
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	negative
Instead, 4 members of the wait staff were giggling and carrying on at the corner of the bar.	negative
They brought my mother a chicken enchiladas instead of cheese and then it took her 10 minutes to explain what the error was to the waiter and bus boy who then finally had to tell the manager who was also confused and my mother is fluent in Spanish.	negative
They were seating people without reservations who were either friends of the employees or were slipping the hostess $20 to get seated without a reservation.	negative
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from.	negative
Also, the waiter wrongly described a wine I had inquired about causing the sommelier to have to make a trip to the table to offer an alternate recommendation.	negative
i've been there for lunch - when the place is empty- and the waiter spent more time outside, soaking up the sun for himself, like he was a patron.	negative
After leaving the traditional 15% tip, the waiter ran after us for half a block to confront.	negative
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	negative
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.	negative
Even if you have to wait a bit for a reservation, the hostess will come over to apologize, update you on the wait and make sure you are comfortable.	positive
very nice servers, but they seemed more interested in conversing with the regulars than bringing food and being attentive.	positive
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	negative
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	negative
Unfortunately for them, we would have ordered twice as many drinks if we didn't have to wait half an hour for the waitress between every drink.	negative
Our waiter told us he knew all the wines on it quite well, and he did!	positive
There were about 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet the hostess made us sit at the bar for 20 mins--she never would have come for us had we not approached her asked to be seated.	negative
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	negative
Our waiter was stuffed with attitude and didn't bother explaining things on the menu that he clearly knew we could not understand.	negative
If you are a person who wants perfect service, you should probably skip it, you may wait for your server to sing a song before you get your drinks but that is half the fun.	negative
When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table.	positive
dining with my mother this past Saturday must have signaled to the wait staff that I wasn't cool enough to merit their attention.	negative
the staff knows the regulars by name and the sushi chef even yells goodbye from behind the bar.	positive
FINALLY the waitress came with our food after an HOUR!	negative
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	negative
when tables opened up, the manager sat another party before us.	negative
After arguing about this and requesting tap water instead of a bottled variety, we were exiled to customer Siberia, and the staff seemed eager get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.	negative
We were ignored by our waitress after our entrees had been served.	negative
When I was there with a friend the waiter who served us was pretty friendly.	positive
On top of that, when we tried to order more food half-way through our first entree order, the waitress told us that we couldn't because they needed the table for another reservation!	negative
The busboy kept our glasses full; the waiter warmed up to our table at the end of the night by cracking jokes.	positive
The place was packed and while our food took time to be prepared, our waiter earned points for his sparkling conversation to pass time and for also knowing practically every ingredient of every special under consideration.	positive
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).	positive
first of all, the hostess was not pleasant and had a bit of an attitude when seating us.	negative
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.	negative
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.	positive
Were told we could not share one menu and called over the horrible manager.	negative
The owners couldn't have been more accomodating -- we had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday (before it opens to the public for dinner).	positive
We would have left and gone to another restaurant but the host kept saying that a table was opening up in 5 minutes, people had just paid, etc - except when I went to check the table, they were ordering dessert.	negative
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	negative
The service was rather slow but our waiter was very pleasant and obliging.	positive
Didn't like having to flag down waiters for drinks, nor having to wait almost 15 minutes for a check after asking two servers.	negative
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.	negative
I also asked for a chef (thought that may be able to talk about the food for the party), but the waitress said that there was no chef at the restaurant.	negative
Our waiter (who also seemed to be the manager) dropped red wine all over me the contents of my purse and all he did was apologize quickly, hand me some club soda and avoid me for the rest of the time I was there.	negative
To be fair, I realize I was there for lunch and that the food is probbably better at dinner service when a full kitchen staff has arrived and prepped, but I doubt I'd return to find out with so many other options in the neighborhood i already trust.	positive
The chefs and staff are welcoming and happy to make substitutions or tune the spice up or down to your requests.	positive
So I go into the bar, and I ask the (extremely hot) waitress, what's the soup of the day?	positive
The inattentive waiters never refilled our water glasses, never offered more drinks, our silverware was never replaced, and it took almost half an hour at times for them to clear our table after we finished a course.	negative
when the waitress finally took our order after being seated at the table for over 30 minutes only to wait another 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived the order was incomplete.	negative
Lastly, the bartender didnt give me detailed bill, just my credit card receipt to sign.	negative
In the hour we waited for our food we had to remind our mentally challenged waitress 3times to bring our chipssalsa.	negative
We decided to order soup (over $6 a bowl), thinking that would be quick, however our waitress then said the soup is OUT OF A CAN and still would be a 20 minute wait since the tickets are processed in order.	negative
Waitress didn't know anything about the menu, but other than that I would recommend.	negative
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	positive
The man working the door (red hair)-very funny and warming.	positive
One of my friends told them it was my birthday and the staff relally surprised me when their came to me singing with the mexican hats and a dessert with a candle on it.	positive
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion.	negative
PDiddy need a new staff you would have thought it was a bunch of old people cooking the food and waiting on us.	negative
We ended up having appetizers in the lounge, while listening to a really great DJ.	positive
Keep in mind, no one else was even in the restaurant and we were asking the waitress questions about entree options.	negative
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	negative
The waitress was kind and helpfull with the menu.	positive
The servers, casual in their striped button-downs, anticipate and fulfill needs as if they were trained as mind readers.	negative
Fortunately the hostess was nice enough to take our appetizers off the bill after we complained.	positive
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.	negative
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	negative
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.	positive
These are all new items on the menu the waiter told us, and they were delicious!	positive
On another occasion, this same gentleman brought bottled water for our entire party [4] on the house again, when we missed our cab and asked to wait inside.	negative
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	negative
The waitress did try to get the manager to at least give us the Sangria on the house but the manager refused.	negative
One friend's pizza arrived about 15 minutes before the rest of our meals (the remainder of our entrees did not even arrive at the same time), and our waiter half-heartedly apologized for the delay while rolling his eyes.	positive
We asked for bread plates when the bread was brought to the table and the server's response was management has decided not to offer bread plates.	negative
First, the waiter brought us to a table where people were still finishing their coffee from their meal - he told them the restaurant was busy and they needed to finish now and to pay their bill inside.	negative
' When I called the waitress on it, she said that they simply couldn't serve tap water.	negative
With all of the kitchen goof-ups (appetizer coming out before the entree and one entree coming out ten minutes before the other) you would think that the wait staff would have been more attentive.	positive
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.	negative
We initially ordered a bottle of wine and the waitress though we may not like it, so she offered us a taste.	negative
The staff was accomodating towards our daughter and nice enough to check up on her after they served dinner (I was a little concerned about the spices and they suggested a dish).	positive
She then sent over the owner, and his only recourse was to give us a free bottle of sparkling wine.	positive
I was not allowed to transfer my credit card to the table, and was treated disgracefully while the hostess waited for the bar to sign off my card.	negative
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	negative
The fact that the resteraunt staff couldn't even keep a reservation straight, not to mention that after screwing up, they told us to go scratch and made us wait almost 2 hours.	negative
One waitress was downright rude when we asked for the check.	negative
A waiter looked me in the eye and said we did not order wine, as if to infer we were making this up.	negative
I am not good with using chopsticks and asked for a fork, instead the owner insisted that I try using a chopstick an made me an easy-to-use chop stick right there on the spot!	positive
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar.	negative
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.	positive
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	negative
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	negative
Diners sit around large tables where chefs ostentatiously chop, slice, stir-fry and grill.	negative
The menu was nothing special (I had to switch my entree choices several times because the server told me that the portion is really REALLY small!)	negative
I had to wait quite a while to get my food and the waitress almost knocked me in the head with her tray.	negative
I even had a waiter who was carrying a tray of beers actually TELL me to get out of the way as I was making my way towards the door.	negative
Coffee served without sugar/milk and took more than 10 min to catch the waiter to ask for it.	negative
The menu of upscale American fare is somewhat intimidating as there are almost too many choices, but our wonderful waiter Eric came to the rescue suggesting and describing specials as if he had just polished off dinner himself.	positive
The waiter simply comped off our appetizer and then stayed away for the rest of the night--we waited an additional twenty minutes after we were done eating for the check!	negative
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	negative
It took about ten minutes to get out drink ordering after sitting down and once we recieved the bottle our waitress never once refilled our glasses!	negative
The waitress conveniently added in her tip into our bill, charged $10 for each margarita.	negative
Waiters take your order and you don't get your food for at least 1 hour so you can prchase drinks.	negative
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	negative
We ordered 1/2 bottle of Gruner, 2 appetizers - foie gras and oysters, 2 entrees - steak and diver scallops, and 1 dessert, the pastry chef's favorite a mixture of crushed avocado, salt glazed caramel and lime sorbet (which really tasted like margarita infused guacamole, to try only if you're feeling wd-50 adventurous) for around $100.	positive
The waiter was very attentive and always kept the bread and drinks coming.	positive
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	positive
Never on the menu or in my inquiry to the waitress was the word garlic mentioned.	negative
Also, be wary of what time of the day you go; around dinnertime, the restaurant becomes a jungle of diners and hustling waitresses.	negative
I went there recently with my boyfriend and not only did it take the waitress 20 minutes to acknowledge we were even there, 20 minutes to get us water and coffee and even MORE time to place our order and get food!	negative
We are 30 plus year olds, very gainfully employed, were not being loud or obnoxious, there were other diners around us as well as a bunch of people at the bar and nobody seemed to have a problem with us except for this manager.	negative
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.	negative
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	negative
And when a waiter, in answer to a question by a diner, turns to another table and asks excuse me, do you know what this is?	negative
Out waitress never came back to our table after taking our food orders.	negative
However, after speaking with the manager on the phone for about 15 minutes, the waitress said they couldn't give us any discount but would gladly give us a free pitcher of sangria.	negative
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	negative
When asked to explain the hostess told us she would lose money by seating us instead of them.	negative
I asked one waitress if I could change tables and she didn't say no outright.	negative
After we sat down and started ordering, the waiter informed us that they were really only into serving dinners.	negative
) Howver, we didn't expect to be bumped by waiters a few times during our dinner.	negative
After we finished our salad our waitress told us that they had run out of roast lamb and pastitichio.	negative
Upon finishing our meal that same waitress that ignored us, suddenly appeared at our table asking if we needed our check, we were finishing our coffee and drinks, yet she was blatantly trying to get us out so that the table could be turned over.	negative
Bartender seemed cool, so maybe I'd go back for a drink.	positive
In all cases, service is slow but it's not the waiters fault.	positive
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	negative
food is heaven  we were greeted by the hostess and sat down immediatly the space was very crowded and and we decided to order drinks promptly food can wait.	positive
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.	negative
The waitress encouraged to come for dinner and brunch, and I followed her recommandation.	positive
i had the smallest martini, which the waiter spilled part of.	negative
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.	negative
For dinner we decided to take our servers advice and order several items to share.	positive
We waited for 1 hour each time the waitress came over to our table.	negative
On my last visit we arrived around 9 on a Saturday, and although it wasn't crowded, the waitress acted like we were inconveniencing her, forgot bread, drinks, etc.	negative
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	negative
Actually she want to eat sushi, but their staff reject to serve it.	negative
Tony's gone, sadly Ernie's passed on and now the waiters have corn rows and less finish to their chosen profession but it still maintains it's class and place as a brooklyn landmark.	negative
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	negative
We told the waitress a few more were coming and ordered drinks.	negative
One time the waitress left in the middle of our dinner.	negative
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	negative
Seated by a moody hostess and presented a menu that included live food-samples.	negative
Our server didn't have the sommelier stop by when we were trying to decide on wines, he never brought the bread we requested and didn't crack a smile the whole evening until he saw that I was paying the tab when he suddenly became nicer.	negative
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	positive
At the end of the meal the manager stopped by and said dessert was on her.	positive
Our server never bothered to inquire as to whether or not we wanted coffee.	negative
The hostess finally seated us at a table for two when there were three of us in an empty restaurant.	negative
I didn't even have time to finish my single cocktail and the waiter didn't even ask if we wanted coffee but instead, gave us our check without us even requesting it.	negative
It was somewhere between our waiter not knowing what sushi came as part of the tasting platter and the copious amounts of wine that he spilt while trying to pour me a taste that I realized.	negative
The owner and his sister make you feel like you've been invited over to their house for dinner.	positive
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.	negative
The next thing we know, the bartender comes over and says (and I quote verbatim), I already gave you two beers (which he hadn't).	negative
The waitress interrupted us halfway through our meal to say that if we wanted dessert we had to order it then, because the kitchen wanted to close.	negative
The wait staff had good recommendations and when i broke a wine glass, they reacted in a way to put me out of my embarrassment quickly and even filled me a new glass of wine.	positive
Waiter brought white instead of red wine.	negative
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.	negative
We were hassled about seating by our waiter who seemed at the end of his pony-tail, so we opted for the bar, quaintly decorated with giant fly strips.	negative
The waiter did not take a drink order from us.	negative
hard to work a buzz with the server taking so long between every round, but worth trying the signature african rum cocktail and happily surprised they had our favorite white - sancerre by the glass at this japanese restaurant.	negative
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	negative
(they should if you are willing to spend $400 on dinner) if the owner of this restaurant saw how the staff was acting he would fire ALL of them.	negative
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	negative
We ask the waiter where's the chocolate?	negative
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	positive
The waiter never came by to check on us after the bus boy brought us our food.	negative
The waitstaff is nice, but is pushy and seemed irritated when we did not order an a la carte side vegetable (we already had a cheese plate, appetizers and ordered 2 entrees).	positive
Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back!	negative
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.	positive
the solitary waitress was friendly though i found her service a little slow.	positive
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.	negative
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	negative
We politely asked our server for the regular menu, but were told that for large parties they could only offer us the banquet menu (would have gone elsewhere had we known).	negative
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.	negative
Then the menu is all in Italian well I don't speak Italian so it took forever for the waitress to translate.	negative
I asked the waiter about the vintages of the wines, to which he replied, I don't know, probably 2003/2004.	negative
We tried explaining nicely to them that we were just finishing up a drink, and after a brief, unprofessional discussion with the two waiters, they told us never to come back again.	negative
The manager sent us a complimentary glass of wine for the steak not being cooked like he wanted.	negative
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	positive
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	negative
was yelling at the rest of the waitstaff audibly enough that I was able to follow his entire tirade from where I sat in the secondary dining room.	negative
The downside is that perhaps due to rice's eclectic nature, the chef has trouble cooking any single type to perfection.	negative
As if the 2 hour wait wasn't bad enough, the host/manager was so busy flirting with attractive female customers, he didn't seem to notice we had been sitting at the bar and we ended up missing his call.	negative
the kimchi and other sides were off, the rice had red bean mixed in, and the waitress gave us a double order of the bulgogi instead of two single orders of different meats.	negative
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	negative
After waiting forty minutes for our brunch, learned that the waitress had -- oops!	negative
the staff prefers to watch TV in the main dining room infront of their waiting customers then serve their customers.	negative
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.	negative
Finally, the manager had the audacity to lock the doors, presumably to prevent us from skipping out on the bill, while one of our friends went to an ATM to get cash.	negative
And for families they have high chairs and waiters were really nice to my kid.	positive
Then, we discovered that not ordering guacamole for your table is tantamount to asking the wait staff to roll their eyes at you and then ignore you during your entire meal (I had to eventually go to the front of the restaurant to ask for our check).	negative
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	positive
The waiter brought us the desert menu, and when we refused asked if we were really sure we didn't want anything.	negative
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).	negative
When we confronted the hostess, she told us that there were 3 of them and only 2 of us, and that the 3 women had a reservation at 8:30pm.	negative
I tried the price fix and te waiter looked offended when I requested the price fix menu.	negative
The waitress was not very responsive to requests and was slow to return with drinks.	negative
The staff is cool and friendly, and the place has been around since J.	positive
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	negative
We tried to place the order and the waiter had no clue what we wanted even though we pointed it out on the menu.	negative
The restaurant didn't mind me sitting on their doorstep to the extent that the bartender invited me in for a drink.	positive
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.	negative
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	negative
The space and furnishings are too spartan and the service amateur and scattershot (no smiles offered here - busboy serves mains with who gets the.	negative
Apparently, the waitress informed us that they change the menu at 5 Ninth every few days, which kind of explains the hit or miss situation.	negative
had dinner there last night, max the waiter was great.	positive
Last night the dining room was crammed and seemingly only had one waiter which is ludicrous.	negative
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.	positive
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.	negative
We were a large party, over 6 people, and after our initial drinks, which included a couple bottles of wine, and order were taken we did not see a waiter or a busboy again for over an hour!!	negative
We approached the host and manager politely after the meal but only received a simple and insincere Sorry.	negative
We were left waiting a while after our food for our waiter to return, and thus we did not have time for dessert.	negative
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	negative
The service is good, but the staff is not too friendly.	negative
The wait was not very long and the staff was great.	positive
Our waiter, even though he was serving dinner, was SO out to lunch.	negative
If the staff actually got it together and showed some customer service this place would be good.	negative
I let the waiter know and he offered me a free dessert.	positive
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	positive
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	negative
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	negative
finally they wanted to take our app order before taking our wine order, seemed like the waiter couldnt handle it all at once.	negative
5 minutes later the same waitress came back to have us move to the next table so she could seat a party of 4.	negative
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.	negative
Waitstaff is preoccupied dancing on the bar and googling at beautiful people, but who can blame them.	positive
My Moon spent all their money on an architect/interior designer and forgot about the chef.	negative
I asked one of the more elderly managers what we were eating and he joked that he didn't really know so he referred someone else to us who basically repeated what was written in the menu.	negative
Meanwhile, our server was dancing and posing by the bar.	negative
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	positive
When we went up to get what we assumed would be our second drink at no charge, the bartender charged us $5 a piece.	negative
We saw problems with our waitress immediately when she frowned when we opted for tap water instead of bottled.	negative
Waiter was very arrogant, though tha staff was attentive and when a waiter pilled a glass of water on one of our guests, the hostess ran with a dry cleaning voucher even though we did not make a big deak of it - just an accident and only water.	positive
When I asked the manager to remove the coffee, she did so without question, but never asked why and never followed up on the issue (she was far too busy flirting with the male waiters).	negative
We both orderd drinks that we never recived, but were charged for, and when we said something to the waiter he rolled his eyes and asked if we wanted them anyway (after we were done eating and more than ready to go.	negative
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	positive
I discovered recent new management has made major improvements at this location ie the bar, dining areas, party room and bathrooms and keeping the kitchen open after 11PM.	positive
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	negative
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.	negative
The waitstaff is charming and knowledgeable about the menu.	positive
We got up from the bar and got pushy with the hostess and finally were seated at an excellent table.	positive
Our hostess was more concerned about the appearance of the banquets than wether we had the right menus.	negative
The second time we went the waiter didn't put in our pizza order!	negative
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	positive
But the service, though invariably genial and helpful, can be weirdly haphazard -- waiters disappear mysteriously, only to reemerge just when you've decided their shift must have ended -- possibly an understaffing issue?	negative
Arrive at 7:00pm, the waiters didn't give us our menus till an 1 1/2 hour later.	negative
The waitstaff was helpful but watch out, after you pay your hefty bill managment will ask you to leave if they think you've lingered too long.	positive
my one complaint is that when we were finished with our dinner, it took an abnormally long time for our waitress to get with the program and bring us our check.	negative
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree.	positive
If you go in, make sure to listen to the unbelievably loud microphone that the folks at the counter use to dictate orders to the cooks who stand about two feet behind them.	negative
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	negative
Ordered a beer from the bartender, she opened it and the told me that she didn't know the price !!	negative
My partner had ordered an appetizer that was no longer available; the waitress did not inform us when reviewing the specials.	negative
The complete and total rudeness and frustration surrounding this place started with the hostess calling us in the middle of the afternoon asking if we could change our reservation.	negative
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).	negative
If your friends persuade you to check this place out, I suggest that you order all of your drinks, apps, entrees, desserts, and the check up front, because you'll never see your server again.	negative
The waiter knew about every item on the menu and explained it very well.	positive
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	negative
While the server offered nothing, the host apologized, and said that he hoped that I would return again, perhaps for brunch.	negative
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	negative
Our waitress was very nice, not snotty - she even gave us a free apertif after the meal (and left the bottle on the table).	positive
The waiter, of course had no knowledge of the yet to be produced wine list and no wine steward or manager bothered to come by the table to check in.	negative
What I liked the most is that the staff listened attentively to what I asked for and my meal was prepared EXACTLY the way I asked, what a treat.	positive
Although we had to wait a long while and the hostess was very busy behind the bar, she was very apologetic and sincere which made it feel ok to have to wait.	negative
The wait staff is very attentive, and you can smoke at the bar while enjoying the view of the river.	positive
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed.	negative
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	positive
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	negative
When after 2 hours we did ask for our entrees, the waiter and busboy were both extremely rude.	negative
The waitress came three times: to take our order, to bring the order, and to bring the check.	negative
The small bar is always packed with people, and you have to constantly contend with waiters asking you to move as they navigate through the crowd to make it to their tables.	negative
Although the waitress had clearly our reservation on her book, she told us somebody arrived one minute ago and being first to arrive, he could have our table.	negative
Starting off with an excellent carafe of Cotes du rhone suggested by the waiter, we soon ordered a few appetizers like the steak tartare, the escargot and the goat cheese tart.	positive
Although there were many open tables, the manager insisted my party wait at the bar for over one hour.	negative
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	positive
After they were done poking and prodding our food, the waiter took it right from their table and tried to give it to us.	negative
The hostess failed to inform us of that the restuarnt was hosting a private company party when we made the reservation.	negative
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.	negative
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.	negative
Our waiter was great and we even got drinks and some food courtesy of the cheff- maybe because it wasn't so busy when we went.	positive
The manager very politely told the drunk man that he could leave and then gave everyone on the resturaunt a free glass of port for having to witness it.	positive
Oh, you should have seen the look on the waiter's face when we told him we didn't want any coffee after the meal.	negative
We felt the waiter and captain rushed us through our meal.	negative
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.	negative
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	negative
We had a very nice and entertaining waitress who was very much on top of our table.	positive
We sat soaked in red wine for 20 minutes eating our meals w/o the wine b/c the server saw us like that but did nothing until we stopped him.	negative
Went with a large group of 7 ladies before a show, and the staff was extremely obliging, even when one person was late and we had to wrap up her dinner to take to her.	positive
A cocky, arrogant and shockingly condescending manager (all of 22 years-old) then told us we should leave the restaurant if we wouldn't move to the bar.	negative
Then the huffy hostess when we asked to be seated at a table not directly on-top of another couple.	negative
Our waitress left halfway through dinner, without explanation, and was replaced by another waiter.	negative
Not including the tip for our server, who we saw twice in an hour?	negative
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	positive
The snooty manager asked us to leave and gave us our check in the middle of our meal.	negative
My companion went to the bathroom and overheard the waiter singing near the back of the place The cappuccino machine is broken, It's broken.	negative
Asked for wine recommendations and the waitress told me her favorites and described them in detail - I don't encounter this much in NYC.	positive
Just expect to wait a good twenty minutes before they take your order (even when the restaurant is half empty), you'll have to ask at least 5 waiters and a manager for coffee before they bring it to you and when they bring your orders out wrong, expect the manager to side with the chef and not you.	negative
We were not seated by a hostess (and as a result didn't receive menus or water for a good while) and were rushed out as the restaurant closed an hour after we arrived.	negative
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	negative
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	negative
Remember the 80's when you have to wait 1-2 hours for a table even though you have a reservation + the wait staff treated you like the idiot that you are for paying $2-300 per head for this treatment, then you should definately come to experience this jewel!!	negative
A good restaurant would have at least comped desert or sent over a round of drinks for such a long wait -- we didn't even get an apology from a manager.	negative
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	positive
The staff was knowledgeable about the cuisine and answered my dining questions with professionalism and style.	positive
We recently went for dinner with two kids and the staff were very accomodating even without reservations.	positive
The waiter was constantly puching us to have drinks, he told us that we were not ordering properly and insisted on bringing to the table his recommendations.	negative
Avoid this restaurant on a busy night at all costs -- they have yet to learn how to make the appropriate number of reservations; the front of the house and the managers are amateurs.	negative
When we finally had to see the manager because I had lemon juice spilled on me from the waiter- she even took over 10 minutes to come to the table.	negative
However, another server kept hovering over our table, wanting to take our half-finished plates away.	negative
When questioning our server about a certain dish, she kindly brought over the Union Sq.	positive
The waiter seemed astounded that I ordered no wine or alcohol -- just water -- with my meal.	negative
When the ice cream cake I ordered didnt hold up in their regular freezers temperature, Giovanny immediately had a server run out and got an identical cake in 15 minutes.	positive
At one point, I spilled my water glass--when I informed the waiter of this he said he would clean it up--he never got around to it.	negative
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	negative
After being seated outside by the host, a waitress came over and yelled at us for taking a table that belonged to people waiting at the bar.	negative
We were able to get a table right away on Friday night, but we only saw our server twice and he failed to give us the specials, we overheard him tell the table right next to us after we had ordered and were already into our salads.	negative
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	negative
The last time I went to the restaurant, the waitress made me wait to take my order, then left me without anything to drink throughout the entire meal.	negative
Our waitress asked us if we wanted anything else, we said only the check - she quickly scooped up our not-yet finished food.	negative
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	positive
Waiters had to reach over people to deliver food.	negative
It took the waiter over 30 minutes to get our food because the order was misplaced.	negative
(The booths remained unoccupied throughout our meal, unless you count the not-very-busy waitstaff.	negative
Our server seemed to be new because he continually had to go back to the kitchen to check on menu items.	negative
I finally cancelled our order, the waiter came back in 5 min with our plates.	negative
I ordered the strip steak medium - the waiter or the chef reversed our requests.	negative
The owner himself one time came to our table to clear our dishes when our waiter didn't show (a rare occurance, but it was late at night).	negative
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	negative
When asked to compare between two dishes, the server said whatever you like.	negative
Apparently the same hostess was also trying to kick out a group of women having drinks at a table and giving them a hard time for holding up a table.	negative
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.	negative
Don't miss the crema catalana the waiter recommended us for dessert.	positive
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	negative
Thought I didn't have reservations, the hostess politely informed me that it would be a 45 minute wait and we were actually seated in 40.	positive
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.	positive
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.	positive
To make matters worse an hour into our dinner we see a waiter take mojitos to another table.	negative
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	positive
Fifteen minutes later, when we asked about our drinks, another server went to investigate and found that they'd run out of one of the liqueurs they needed and had gone out to get more -- which is fine, but it would've been nice to know.	negative
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	positive
Our lovely waiter sent us off with scones for breakfast the following AM!	positive
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	positive
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.	negative
Upstairs they have an entirely separate hostess, as if it was a different restaurant all together, where after being asked once again if we had a reservation we were seated in a small seat, in the corner, of a practically empty room.	negative
With only 2 tables occupied in the whole place, the waitress spent her time behind the bar and only came to help us when we got up and asked her to.	negative
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	negative
They moved us upstairs to an area where they were setting up for a private party -- we had no server, and had to flag down people setting up for the party to get us drinks, silverware, water, etc.	negative
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	positive
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	negative
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	negative
When I asked the waitress she told me it was because I ordered pancakes.	negative
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.	negative
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	negative
When the group arrived for the Noon lunch the restaurant was only partially set up and the group was forced to eat lunch while the staff noisily set up the restaurant around them.	negative
The waiters can shoot off a 5 minute long list of specials, and they know the menu very well.	positive
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	negative
The only downside was our waitress -- she forgot to order one of our side dishes, was not attentive, and then gave us our check before we finished our bottle of wine.	negative
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.	negative
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	negative
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	negative
We heard two different servers telling tables about these specials, and when we asked to hear them, they wouldn't tell us them.	negative
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	negative
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	positive
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.	positive
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	negative
The servers and/or bus persons dart back and forth through the dining room, never even making eye contact to see if you have any needs.	positive
We ordered coffee, and then he ordered a bacon cheeseburger (for $12, ridiculous even for New York) The waiter then announced he was going to charge us a $4 sharing charge.	negative
Despite talking to the weekday manager on the prior Monday, who gave me a hard time but agreed to make a reservation for me since my group was so big.	negative
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes.	negative
The manager refused to talk to me sending the waiter to tell me to tell me that he was not available, when I had previously seen him doing absolutely nothing at the bar.	negative
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	negative
(The band is positioned in front of the windows, in a space roughly the size of a living room.	positive
It's the New York you thought was long gone; orders are spoken, not yelled, and the staff knows the names of patrons' dogs.	negative
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.	negative
We didn't see him the rest of the night, the other courses come out sporadically, and no one ever asked if we wanted more wine (which we did) or refilled our water -- even after we flagged down another waiter, nothing happened.	negative
After demanding a free round of drinks from a third manager, our party decided to bail on this horrific french import.	negative
Our dinner was enhanced by a 1999 Pinot Grigio, recmmended by the waitress.	positive
The waitress even gave us a complimentary dessert- warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream, what a perfect end to a perfect dinner!	positive
After the rude waitress took our order we were sipping our drinks when the manager comes over and says we have to leave as the tables are reserved for dinner patrons.	negative
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	positive
The staff was courteous and explained the menu with detail.	positive
We too had reservations but the gentleman never checked a book to see our names or check us off.	negative
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	negative
The waiter knew his menu and what to recommend.	positive
The manager never came to our table and the restaurant didn't offer anything to compensate for the error (they could have taken the two cocktails off the check ).	negative
The waiter did not know the menu, and was very unaccomidating about substutions.	negative
With so many $20 bottles of wines from which to choose, our waiter helped pick a good one.	positive
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	positive
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	positive
The owner lied to me when i asked where our food was 1 hour after we placed the order - he said oh your friend said you were not ready for it.	negative
Now, I expressed my surprise and then the bartender and manager chimed in with a simpleton's remark sir, with restaurants at this time, reservations start coming in.	negative
Never heard anything about a minimum required food order of $30 or had any bad experiences with the staff.	negative
we saw another waitress spill hot coffee on another diner's foot.	negative
Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders ('97 Italian red was good).	positive
we wanted to join another 2 top table to ours and the manager abruptly said, that won't work for us!	negative
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	negative
I waited for 45 minutes for my entree to realize that the waiter never put the order in.	negative
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	negative
no need for reservation) you'd expect the crew to be alittle more attentive.	negative
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.	negative
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	negative
The manager came out very defensively and insisted that it was a 2 lb lobster.	negative
The host's explanation was they could not control when people finish dinner.	negative
The bartender has a nasty attitude, and it took a party of two 1 1/2 hours to get seated while party after party of the hosts 'friends' were given seating immediately.	negative
Our salads and appetizers were brought at the same time and we barely had time to enjoy them before a team of waiters whisked them (and our bread!)	negative
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	negative
My grandmother-in-law had a problem with her meal, and the manager AND chef came over and offered to replace it and/or take it off the check.	positive
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	negative
The waitstaff told us that they had already run out of one of the entrees (before 8 p.	negative
The waitstaff chatted at the bar amongst themselves and completely ignored us for the entire meal-- which took some work, as the place is small enough with the garden closed!	negative
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.	negative
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	negative
But even on New Years, when they were busy, the owners took the time out to visit our table frequently, even pouring us drinks herself from her own creations.	positive
However the manager came over and aplogized and all drinks were on him.	positive
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.	negative
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	positive
The hostess did offer free drinks to my party due to the wait, but we were more interested in eating after said long wait.	positive
We sat way before 2 other tables ahead of us that rec'd their appetizers before us; the waiter neglected to apologize.	negative
I also watched several other frustrated customers getting the wrong orders or trying to catch the waiter's attention (he was posing at the soda fountain).	negative
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	negative
The manager then comes over to the table and asks us to leave - to help him out because there were people waiting!	negative
After our initial order, the waitress wasn't very attentive (we had to wait 15 minutes at a time to get her attention to refill drinks, order desert, etc).	negative
The first time my husband and I went there, both the appetizer and entreee I ordered were not available, but we had a waitress who was really on top of things.	positive
Great when the band is playing, not so great when there's a large party at the bar.	positive
The hamburger showed up long before the mussels, and the waiter suggested I start eating because he didnt want my food to get cold.	positive
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	negative
Our waiter was not attentive, we waited about 20 mins just to order drinks.	negative
Especially the manager or host who kept walking by and giving us the evil eye to see the progress of our dinner so they could turn the table over to other customers.	negative
we told our waiter to make five selections for each of us, and he decided instead to charge us for each glass separately instead ($80 instead of $20).	negative
OUr waiter was a little confused about how to serve champagne.	negative
I also do not think waiters there are rude- yes there are not friendly and chatty, but do provide great service.	negative
When I requested a specific beer on the menu, the waiter said they were all out of that one and kept pushing the only available beer, which I didn't want.	negative
i went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was pretty empty the server got our drinks wrong 3 times!	negative
The bigger sin is the service --our waiter was late with our main dishes, late with the bill, which was totaled incorrectly (twice).	negative
the manager said that they were just starting with a preview menu.	negative
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	positive
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).	negative
Hostess continued to ask us if everything was okay, and then did nothing when we gave her specific actions (how about some water or coffee served in paper cups).	negative
The staff didn't even tell us (college kids) about the prix-fixe special, but the pair of older adults sitting next to us took advantage.	negative
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	negative
After being treated like we were at Nobu by the hostess, our waitress brought us our check before we even asked for it and denied us a 2nd round of drinks because.	negative
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	negative
Even when the place has been packed with tables (I saw a party of 12 in there last time), the waiters and bartenders are still nice.	positive
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.	negative
the hostess is rude as can be, the waiters can't stop to check in, the busboys are flinging stuff on your table, and that's true even when the restaurant is half empty!	negative
Additionally, one of the waiters found it necessary to walk around the restaurant, telling people how to eat their food.	positive
Lastly the waiters and bartender should learn to have argurments in private and not in front of customers.	negative
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	negative
at the end of the meal the hostess came to us and rudely ask us to leave the table, we were astonished by her attitude.	negative
our waiter spilled an entire glass of water on my brother and didn't so much as acknowledge it, let alone apologize.	negative
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	positive
Instead, the chef made me a special creation off the menu, and wow.	positive
I followed my handsome waiter's suggestions for everything from my cranapple martini, BBQ duck tostada appetizer and rum-glazed pork tenerloin entree to the scandalously good brownie sundae.	positive
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	positive
Much to my satisfaction, I was seated promptly without a reservation and soon after being seated was greeted by my server.	positive
before we could say anything, one waiter picked it up while another brought a knife to our table on a platter.	negative
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	positive
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.	negative
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	negative
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	negative
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	positive
we walked in to the resturant, squeezed by our (to be) waiter (who ignored us and didnt step to the side), and straight up to the host (he was busy talking to the bar tender).	negative
My wife and I invited our friends to a late dinner and were having drinks afterwards when the manager instructed the waitress not to serve us any more drinks as it was bottle service.	negative
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	negative
We asked for the manager who told us that it was their first time serving brunch, to be patient and that our bill would be discounted.	positive
The rude and unaccomodating hostess (who we later learned was the manager) repeatedly promised us the next table but never offered to buy us a drink while we waited.	negative
Everyone around me was eating stuff that wasn't on the menu and looked tastier, but the waitress didn't bother to suggest any of these things, even when asked for suggestions.	negative
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	negative
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	negative
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.	negative
After spending about 2 hours in the restaurant our waiter decided to call it a night without even asking if we wanted dessert.	negative
Not only did we have to flag the waiter down every time for every course or request, but they spilled our drinks twice all over the table - and once was hot tea.	negative
We arrived about 15 minutes late for a Friday 12:30 reservation, but the staff couldn't have been nicer.	negative
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	negative
The waitresses are at your table filling your water or oil before your last sip or dip.	positive
It took us 20 minutes to get a check, despite many attempts at meaningful eye contact with the wait staff.	negative
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	negative
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.	negative
We did complain to the manager, but she just said there are problems in the kitchen and took the drinks off bill.	negative
I tried that on a Friday, told the guy otside the door that I did not have a reservation and he said, You may as well just leave now.	negative
The hostess made sure we knew where the lounge was since all the seats at the bar were full and had the waiter come over to take our drink order.	negative
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.	positive
Our waiter was ever so helpful as he stood back and watched my sister and I physically move our table.	positive
After waiting more than 15 minutes for our order to be taken and then having the waitress not know how to make certain drinks, our party of 7 was obviously dissatisified.	negative
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'	positive
Our waiter seemed to really care about getting us to the show on time, and made some good reccomendations on the menu for doing it.	positive
Also, the staff will not allow you to substitute a side dish or accommodate anything that differs from what's on the menu.	negative
Our waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, took nearly 3 hours for dinner.	negative
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.	positive
Don't let the all-Italian menu intimidate; the waitstaff patiently translates each item.	positive
The waitress never came back to get drink refills and we didn't get water until we were halfway through our dinner.	negative
We were put on the wait list, seated in 15 min after a quick drink at the bar and had an incredibly entertaining waiter and dined next to a few regulars who raved.	positive
The guy was pleasant and friendly but that only goes so far when you are hungry and have to wait 2 hours for a pizza.	positive
For 2 patrons paying over $100 for dinner, you'd think that the waiter would check to see if everything was okay with the dining experience, and he certainly did not.	negative
Even a modest bottle of wine was accurately described by the wait staff and pleasing.	positive
Buffet fare is better than the regular menu and you don't have to deal with the waitstaff.	negative
Our spastic waiter was running around like a chicken with his head cut off, and, thus, slow to take our order, slow to bring us our drinks (they sat on the bar for 5-10 minutes) and slow to get us the water we had to ask for repeatedly.	negative
Also, neither our waiter or busboy ever came back to ask if we wanted more to drink or even refill our WATER glasses.	negative
Sit at the bar and eat here regularly and the sushi chef who is also the owner will hook you up the best cuts of fish.	positive
service is quick, not overly friendly, but hey it's a small place and the servers are constantly busy.	negative
PS : to the waitresses and waiters at Shanghai Cafe(new name of Shanghai Gourmet) if you don't like your job, don't work there.	negative
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.	positive
As we looked at the menu and the wine list, my friend overheard the manager comment to a waitress about me that the least he could do is wear a button down shirt, and not show up dressed like a Gristede's boxcutter.	negative
I said, that would be fine and had the hostess confirm my reservation before hanging up.	negative
Deborah, the chef and co-owner, is an extraordinary talent - she has not received the notoriety she deserves - and her food, while not expensive, really merits a two or three star rating.	positive
* Rude waiter - he kept pushing us to get appetizer (after been told twice that we would like to start ordering entree) and after dinner, told us to check out the shelf ourselves on our way to the restroom for dessert menu.	negative
We asked for the check and had to wait 20mins for the waitress to come back and take our card.	negative
But overall loved the place, outside of our waiter who literally tried to force us into ordering drinks.	negative
After losing our reservation the staff at March called 24 hours later to apologize and ask if we would still like to dine there.	positive
My wife and I had an 8:30 reservation, we show up a few minutes before and the host mumbles something to us about waiting at the bar and they'll tell us when the table is ready.	negative
) My date and I were greeted by the host and informed there would be a slight wait.	positive
The entire restaurant staff was disappointing to begin with (any waiters over 17 with some knowledge of the menu or wine?	negative
But a server coming up to the table chewing gum while she went through the specials is not my idea of professional.	negative
The servers were snobby and got mad at me when I asked if they serve by the slice.	negative
Knew we were in trouble when the waiter spilled our cocktails on the table and couldn't be bothered to bring new silverware.	negative
Went for dinner last Friday night with 2 friends, and the staff was incredibly nice.	positive
My one complaint: Even though we arrived at our reservation time, the host asked us to wait at the bar -- then forgot to seat us (I had to ask).	negative
And the waiter actually replied, yes that's why it took you so long to get a reservation.	negative
When I pointed this out to the waiter he told me that all of the lox is like that.	negative
We had to wait 30 minutes before the waiter even came to our table and had to ask 4 times just to get a glass of water.	negative
However when I returned to my table the waiter immediately came over and said So I guess we are celebrating a birthday here.	negative
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.	negative
The lunch got a little bizarre when we asked the waiter how the joint got it's name, and he made his hands into cups in reference to placing them on a woman's breasts and said, No, not this.	negative
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.	positive
After fifteen minutes, when nobody even took our drink order, I looked around to try to get our waitresses attention only to see she and about five others of the waitstaff were having an endless gabfest by the register.	negative
Unfortunately, service was slow and when our server noticed we had not received our entree he comp'ed us two delightful margaritas - AND charged us only for appetizers , thereby cutting our bill in half.	negative
Our waitress was so fun- I wanted her to join us for dinner.	positive
The waitress came back to our table several times to ensure we were well catered for.	positive
We waited for thirty minutes for our table, and after inquiring once about the status, we were rudely confronted by the hostess.	negative
We were lucky because chef Gari was there when we visited, and himself prepared the platter for us.	positive
On our second trip, our waiter had an attitude, was slow to bring/refill drinks, and we had to flag him down for EVERYTHING.	negative
servers never ONCE asked how we were doing - they brought out food late and if extra additions were requested, they came out 20 min after.	negative
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.	negative
Our waitress (and the chef himself) helped us a bit with the Austrian cuisine where we had questions, and every recommendation was right on.	positive
The waiter never once came back to our table to ask how our meal was OR if we needed another drink.	negative
Our waitress' visits to our table were few and far between.	negative
After making our party wait for about an hour past our reservation time (which we chalked up to it being a busy Friday night), they gave us a wobbly makeshift table that was set up in the path of the staff rushing out of the kitchen.	negative
I was accompanied by foodies, yet the waiter treated the few questions people had about the menu as if he was dealing with diners who had never eaten at a decent restaurant.	negative
I requested the waiter to seat us at a different table, and he was like 'its the same everywhere', and walked off.	negative
Waiter ignored us, never asked if we needed anything, never received a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee, or even the check.	negative
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.	negative
To make matters worse, the waitress followed us out, and demanded that we leave a better tip.	negative
We ordered the recommended dessert ahead of time as they suggested but when it came time for it, the waiter had forgotten it.	negative
The waiter knows us now, and the owner bought us a round of drinks once because the dessert took too long (in his opinion, we didn't even complain).	negative
After each of them had had one drink, one of the managers came up to our table and told us that he no longer felt comfortable serving us any more margaritas.	negative
The staff even went out of their way to print up menus without prices at my request, since the dinner party was my treat.	negative
However, you're bothered by things like sub-par food (don't get the cajun fries), waiters who hate you and anything that looks like you, close proxmitity with strangers, and cheap talking and singing skelletons, do NOT go.	negative
Our reservation was for 9, didn't get seated until 9:20 with no acknowledgment by the staff of the delay.	negative
At the end of the meal, I politely asked the waitress whether she would comp something, and she said yes.	positive
The last three times I've called (in addition to asking me to wait for a long time before taking my order), they've given me grief about asking for delivery even though my address is clearly within the map printed on the menu, just because the delivery guy gets mad if he has to go out of his way.	negative
WHen I politely asked for a water he pointed to the waiter and looked the other way!	negative
Our waiter didn't even bothered to ask for dessert.	negative
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.	positive
Our waiter didn't really know the menu and was not attentive.	negative
Our waiter forgot about us for long periods of time and never even offered us a dessert menu.	negative
The only problem we had was with an incompetent waitress and floor manager which slowed down our food and seating.	negative
None of us were able to get drinks in a timely fashion, and the bartender was EXTREMELY rude to us.	negative
We arrived at Crema at 7:50 and the hostess advised she had no record of my reservation.	negative
The waitress had the gall to ask us to close out our check when she brought our food so she could go home rather than wait for us to finish (hey babe we waited for YOU, you can wait for US).	negative
The hostess failed to give us menus, and we had to ask our waiter for them.	negative
the 3rd however, the waiter forgot to put in our order for food and we ended up waiting an hour for them (b/c they were really busy).	negative
When the bill finally arrived, the head waiter sternly told us that this time is okay, but next time you have to order more than 2 appitizers and a main course!	negative
The waiters knocked over my purse 3 times and spilled water on the table 3 times as well.	negative
Waiters poured wine like water, my guests were wondering out loud if they would get straws for the wine next.	negative
The waiters were rude, and the appetizer dip had bits of bread in it from someone else's dinner.	negative
The hostess was totally not accomadating, and even though there were empty tables they still didn't seat us!	negative
When they brought out the food the waiter dropped one of the plates right in front of us and didn't appologize or bring us out a complimentry plate.	negative
I had to chase down our waitress for the food and the bill.	negative
Waitress was unenthusiastic and refilled my water only after I asked her to but did not refill my date's empty water glass?!?!?	negative
We were told by the front door hostess since we didn't have a reservation, it would be about 45mins for a table, but we could wait at the lounge and they would get us when our table was ready.	negative
4-Got attitude from the waitress at every moment she was at the table.	negative
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.	negative
Also the waiter anever asked if the steaks were cooked to out liking or if we wanted anything else.	negative
Sadly, many people feel the need to berate their server for a stronger drink.	negative
it's a joy to watch the chef work, who refused to take my order but seeing him open my live scallop made me understand why.	positive
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.	positive
We got there a bit early and the staff wasn't ready for us but we didn't mind b/c we got to wait by the beautiful bar.	negative
At the end of our meal, I approached the waitress and asked that they not charge us for the $25 appetizer.	negative
we completed our cocktails long before the waiter brought our starters (which did not come until 30 minutes after we had been seated).	negative
Well, the manager rudely informed us that this was how the food is supposed to be served (one course every 30 or so minutes) and then claimed that Oliva is NOT a tapas restaurant.	negative
The singing wait staff are great, the food is just awful!!	positive
After waiting 40 minutes for a table and 30+ for our entrees, our waiter was distracted.	negative
When I couldn't hear any of my selections in the dining room, the manager told me that the broken speakers in were 'not his fault'	negative
: after ordering a bottle of wine (which was originally, inexplicably mistaken for 2 glasses of it), the (2) waitresses in charge of the outdoor space claimed that the bottle was right there in the only cooler used to service about 10 tables.	negative
This was after we told the clueless hostess we only wanted to have drinks, and she seated us at a table.	negative
Even some of the staff that was working that night was served their dinner before my table got our dinner entrees.	negative
Although the wait staff was friendly, the atmosphere was not.	positive
i won't be going back, and i'll tell all my friends not to go--you guys could have the best mussels in the whole world, but that waitress must be keeping a lot of customers away.	negative
Within 10 minutes of being seated at our table, the hostess asked us if we could move.	negative
We were just settling the bill, when a waiter I can only assume held a controlling interest in the restaurant (else he would've been fired long ago) came to the table and demanded to know why someone (our friend who'd briefly left to use the restroom) had left her beer half-full.	negative
The waiter was attentive but not overbearing and gave good recommendations on the cocktails.	positive
the waiter never asked if we would like more drinks, we had to flag him down and ask him and then when he brought them he forget two of them.	negative
You should not go to a Brazilian BBQ place and have to chase the waiters and go to the hostess ASKING FOR MEAT.	negative
At best, it's a mediocre restaurant, forget about the fish variety, I asked for Char (A sushi staple), and received a blank look from the waiter, same fish here as any grocery store.	negative
Half an hour after our appetizer was cleared, the waiter told us it would take more time to get our main courses.	negative
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.	positive
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.	negative
the staff were pleasant and easy-going and took time to explain the specials to us as well as answer any questions we might have had.	positive
In fact, our waiter mis-pronounced many of the items on the menu.	negative
The waiter became visibly irritated when we didn't want to order any drinks at the start of the evening.	negative
As soon as he sat, a waiter came over not once but twice, the first time to suggest he move to the bar b/c our large booth didn't accomodate an extra person, the second time to insist he move.	negative
When her boyfriend told the host that she would like to keep her seat as it was, he grabbed a chair and slammed it down very hard on the floor.	negative
Don't they teach their staff how to pour water or wine?	negative
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.	negative
I only saw one waitress for the entire place, and small as it is, she only came to our table to take our order and take away plates, not once asking us if our food was to our liking.	negative
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.	negative
Also, overheard gent at the next table complaining to the manager about his food.	negative
Service only so-so -- I saw a lot of wait staff standing around, and at the busiest moment, I watched waiter stroll through the dining room with two plates as if he had all the time in the world.	negative
Our plates were taken before we finished eating and our waitress sent the hostess to tell us we had to leave to make room for the next table and that we had to pay before we left.	negative
Sure, the hostess can be rude, but when in the mood for authentic Mexican food, there is no better place in NYC, yet.	negative
The waitress had zero knowledge about wine, and even knowledge about the dishes they were serving.	negative
The Server took the order and disappeared for the entire rest of the night until we had to stop him b/c the bus boy knocked over our entire bottle of red wine soaking the white table cloth, the seats and our business suits.	negative
I have dined here for over 20 years and I know the management will NOT compromise the cuisine for any haute trendy fare.	negative
The food did not come out on time or together and the waiter never came to explain why.	negative
I saw a waitress yell at 2 customers for moving a table out a little bit in order to have more seating space.	negative
We first got a table next to a VERY loud speaker and had no view, but the waiter was kind enough to move us when we asked.	positive
They have recently fired their staff and brought in new people who dont even know how to serve a beer, I might add you are on average paying $6.	negative
but when tables began to clear up, it seemed polite to seat us comfortably in the dining area instead of having us twist our backs to talk, perched on bulky high chairs at the bar with no place to put our handbags (which the waiter happened to drop and expose contents later on).	negative
We had to ask FIFTEEN TIMES for water, we had no idea what we were eating (due to incomprehensible serving staff), waited 25 minutes after asking for our bill, and were charged a 20% corking fee ON WINE WE BOUGHT THERE.	negative
We ordered whole wheast toast; the waiter didn't bring it until 15 minutes after we had received our brunch.	negative
Without reservations on a Friday night at 8:30 I was promptly seated and given top-notch recommendations from both the host and my waiter.	positive
i was at opia january 5, 2006 we had some drinks, dinner, i have to say that we had me and my friend great time, the staff was listening, the manager knew what he was doing and the food better than ever!!	positive
Not only did it take them 45 minutes to serve a salad, when we complained, the manager was abusive, told us to get out and literally started clearing the table while we were still eating.	negative
The waitress made a mental note about it and brought out a special dessert without being asked.	positive
Upon calling to reserve a table outside for Brunch, the manager requested a cc nbr to secure the table for 6 (I was 8 months pregnant and there was a little baby).	negative
At one point, the waiter told us that he couldn't find our wine!	negative
The service on our visit was absolutely awful - a waiter and two helpers couldn't get our orders right and ignored several pleas for basics such as water and beverage refills and utensils to eat desserts with.	negative
for our entree without a waiter in sight.	negative
Our waitress was pleasent and patient as we asked about all the various types of sushi.	positive
At the end of the meal the waitress asked if we wanted another drink, the after agreeing to have one she stated, actually there's a list of people waiting, can you go next door to the bar.	negative
First of all we ordered a wine from the menu listed as 2000 but the waiter brought the 2001 vintage and tried to pass it off as the 2000.	negative
Waiter took our drink order and then we didn't see him for 15 minutes.	negative
Our waitress took our order and then NEVER came back to our table.	negative
When we sat down, the waiter barely looked in our direction and abruptly shoved our menus on the table.	negative
Extremely RUDE servers who intially took our order and never returned with drinks or to see if we required anythign else.	negative
1) Service is very slow and unattentive (10 minutes for our server to come by with our menus and to take our drink order, another 10 to bring the drinks/take our dinner order, you get the idea.	negative
the waiters had a really hard time remembering to bring drinks, and when they did they were not what was ordered.	negative
Having dined there over a half-dozen I have tried everything on the menu but depending on what night, time and who is taking your order, be prepared for loud, smokey (it is a bar afterall) and herbed waitstaff.	negative
I made reservations one week in advance and although I had to change it at the last minute, the hostess was very accommodating and we got seated promptly upstairs overlooking the Buddha.	positive
Needless to say, we weren't suprised when our server told us he never put our appetizer order in.	negative
Went with my father without a reservation, and the maitre d' was very nice and sat us within 15 minutes of our arrival - we had been told that the wait would be an hour (this may be unusual).	positive
The cooks in the front are very friendly and helpful.	positive
However the manager, who refused to come to our table to discuss it, said we were wrong (through the poor waitress) and would not replace our bottle.	negative
Yes, hard not to look at the waitresses (and they're really good servers), but as I'm reminded by everyone who knows Hooters, they don't rank anywhere near the girls at the Hooters locations South of the ol' Mason-Dixon.	positive
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.	negative
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	negative
The waiter set down my companion's meal and didn't return with my dish for some time.	negative
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.	negative
After admitting that the items on the bill were not in line with the menu, the manager reserved the right to price at her own discretion!	negative
Was greeted and seated with no attitude from the host and hostess, despite no reservation.	negative
Ten minutes later the manager relented and dropped off a glass of water with an upturned nose.	negative
they waited to get us water after they took our food orders, which took the waitstaff a long time to do.	negative
Be careful with the waiting list- the hostess skipped over our party on the list as we sat waiting for a table, for over an hour.	negative
We tried to get the manager who flatly refused to come to our table and discuss the problem with us.	negative
After scrunching into the tiny bar area and ordering a drink, I was annoyed but couldn't help but notice the handsome bartender having a tete-a-tete with another French-speaking cutie.	positive
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.	negative
Our waitress kept forgetting our drinks.	negative
Our last experience: Waiting for a table at the bar (we always make reservations), the bartender ignored us until my husband intervened with one of the owners.	negative
Waitress was nice but didnt know some specials and was alittle off, think she was new.	positive
the waitress never asked us how the food was or if we needed anything.	negative
My complaint was with the service-- our waitress was rather pushy and visibly annoyed when we didn't order appetizers or dessert.	negative
The bartender virtually ignored us while we waited, took 15 minutes to get drinks.	negative
Then the waitress became upset when she returned with the drinks and we didn't stop our conversations quick enough to remind her who had ordered what only 5 minutes prior.	negative
Oh, and kudos to the hostess who appeared out of thin air with extra napkins just moments after a glass of water was knocked over - she's upping the bar on service here.	negative
The waiter appeared promptly, took our order, bought us drinks and was never to be seen again.	positive
Staff wouldn't take no for an answer on pitchers of sangria.	negative
service was attentive at the beginning but the waiter lost us towards the end and we had to flag them down for the check.	negative
Then the waiter came back for our food order at 10, and we hadn't received our drinks yet.	negative
Other than making the grill flame at the beginning our hibatchi chef didnt put on much of a show - no flipping stuff into is hat or our plates - so if that is your thing go to Benihani.	negative
The waiter accidently spilled water on our table, and the manager checked up on our meal periodically and offered us a free after diner drink.	positive
When the spastic waiter finally stopped by our table, we told him we were going to order everything at once b/c we were getting pretty hungry.	negative
My mother and I had our chairs bumped over a dozen times by hasty waiters.	negative
However, when our waitress realized her faux pas, an extra glass of wine was sent to our table and all was forgiven.	negative
We weren't even offered a dinner menu and the waitress didn't even notice that we wanted drinks until after I ordered them from the bar myself.	negative
On the top of everything at the end of the dinner the waiter gave us the wrong check.	negative
When we finally ordered our wine, the waitress brought the bottle of wine over with ONE GLASS MISSING - meaning, we'd have to wait even longer for the final glass to arrive - which were all piping hot from the dishwasher.	negative
The last time I was there (last week) our food took a little too long and a manager promptly apologized and offered to comp our desserts (not expected but appreciated).	positive
I called to confirm the reservations on the morning of the lunch and the hostess had the reservations set for 12:30pm which I quickly corrected.	positive
Our waiter was a little stressed and brought a couple things out late and as a result, he apologized graciously and gave us wine on the house to compensate for the delay.	negative
The waitress came back with the bill and money (with a calculator) and asked for more tips.	negative
For dessert the waiter reccomended his favorite which was a Torreja.	positive
Thanks to waiter I learned so much about wine too.	positive
Each week, Zutto's sushi chef never ceases to amaze me with new concoctions.	negative
Our waitress forgot to bring me another margarita, but somehow she managed to get it on the bill.	negative
Chef Shea Gallante takes up residence in the former kitchen of Waxman, now walled off from the diners but visible through glass service doors.	positive
We were given only one waiter for 20 people, and it honestly took over 1/2 an hour to get coffee (I actully went across the street to Dunkin Donuts!)	negative
No bread basket for the table, the server came around with a basket and we each got 1 piece of bread.	positive
The food is pretty good, but the staff would rather be anywhere than waiting tables at Maison.	positive
The waitress was slow and had to ask the kitchen first every time we asked her about anything on the menu.	negative
Although the restaurant was far from crowded (maybe three tables), service was abysmally slow, to the point that we wondered if the server was trying to avoid us.	negative
They seem under staffed and Waiters do not really know the menu.	negative
she never once checked on us after serving our drinks, we asked another waitress about our sandwiches, she attempted to check on them but didn't really get an answer.	negative
But the wait staff's attitude will make me rethink about returning.	negative
To top it off, when we mentioned it to our lovely waitress, she responded as though it was no big deal along with Well now you know for the next time.	positive
from the hostess to the bartender to the waiter (who told us that we had to leave because the tables needed to be turned around more quickly even though it was a friends engagement dinner).	negative
Our waiter did not come back once to reserve our wine.	negative
We told the waitress we'd like the fries hot with our main courses but she only ordered more once the rest of the food had arrived so we didn't get them until we were half way through.	negative
We received our food and coffee at the same time, and couldn't get the attention of any waiter to refill our cups.	negative
The service was spotty as a couple of drink orders were forgotten and the waiter didn't really come to check on us.	negative
Costs could be better - expect to be upsold by the hovering wait staff - and come for the authentic tastes, not the interior decor (looked a littel like Cheers!	positive
THe bartendars were right on top of getting us our wine and setting up free blue cheese dip and chips for us.	positive
True, the ambiance is something out of Goodfellas, but it the food and waiters are out of this world!	positive
Once we ordered, it took at least 30 minutes to get our food, with our server no where in site.	negative
Instead, Yasuda's swarm of waiters and waitresses hovered incessantly overhead, seizing any opportunity to fill a glass, reorganize the table, ask if we were done, and of course clear us out of there in under 80 min.	negative
Waited an hour for the food to come out, couldnt even find the waitress.	negative
Got the check tossed on table 10 minutes after being served and hostess came by to rush us some more.	negative
However when the party was complete we had the other waitress come over who said that we had to order all the food at once and couldnt order just appetizers.	negative
Server was nonexistent; when we flagged her down, she told us that the food was 'being plated' when clearly they were just starting to prepare it.	negative
Those appetizers only appeared after we complained to the manager.	negative
I did not like the place because: -it took the waiter over 20 min to take our order and then over an hour until we got our food.	negative
And the owner didnt seem to care, she was more interested in talking at the bar than hearing from me.	negative
On Friday night the busboy was sulky verging on rude; he brought the fries (ordered for the entrees) twice before the appetizers came and then again the minute we'd finished them and looked put out to be asked to take the empty plates away.	negative
Sure, the waitresses are hot, but you'll have to wait 30 minutes just to get your drinks.	positive
I chose Guastavinos for my wedding reception dinner (for 19 of us) and planned it through their private dining staff.	positive
this guy should work in a dinner ,didn't even know the menu ,he couldn't explain me anythings ,a real nightmare.	negative
The service was terrible- our waiter was unable to make any recommendations, mumbled the special and failed to check back during the course of our meal.	negative
Took the waiter 10 minutes to get to our table, and another 15 minutes until the coffee I ordered arrived.	negative
When it came time to get the check, they couldn't seem to determine which of the servers had it.	negative
Cheeses get short shrift by waitstaff, who all seem hurried.	negative
Fortunately the waitress was very ncie about this, and did not give me a hassle about taking the cake off the final bill.	positive
The waiter got aggravated when we explained how we wanted our entrees prepared.	negative
We waited an hour for our appetizers, (I suspect the waitress forgot to put in our order because the restaurant was not busy) and then the entrees came at the same time!	negative
Since we had to wait, we decided to get a drink but the bartender ignored us even when we made it known that we would like to order a drinks.	negative
do not take the reservation at 8pm to begin with, if in reality the management knows that it will be impossible to seat at that time.	negative
After an hour of waiting at an overcrowded bar with our coats in our hands and no room to move, I approached the host (who never bothered to give us an update throughout our wait) to ask him how much longer, He was incredibly rude and dismissed me with his hand and walked away from me while I was trying to talk to him!	negative
When the manager came over, he accused my friend of offending the chef and continued to argue with her about the dish.	negative
At any rate, the waiter totally forgot about us and we had to hail him down a couple of times just to get the specials and to order.	negative
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.	positive
The waiter rushed us through the last half of our dinner because they were turning the room into a dance floor.	negative
My first and LAST visit included a waiter telling me We're casual- pour your own wine and then handing me a check with a place for the Captain's tip.	negative
Most laughable moment of night was when waiter offered me a free drink to make up for th 50 minute appetizer wait.	positive
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	positive
Bartender, should not be taking dinner orders on napkins.	negative
Generally one would have to point out to the waitstaff the beer was flat and ask for another.	negative
About the food we had a little difilculty keeping the orders straight ,the menu has too many choices,but the server was very helpul and suggested de paella valenciana which was extremele delicious.	positive
As the night rolls on the place turns into a bar/lounge so the wait staff is constantly rushing you to eat up and move out, not the kind of atmosphere you want for the price you are paying for your entree.	negative
The server came by only once to pour additional wine for the table; the rest of the time, we had to fish the bottle out of the two-table communal bucket ourselves.	negative
When we sat down - our waiter did not know what to recommend - neither food nor wine.	negative
There were many helpful people, not only one waiter - kept refilling the water, the wine, asking if everything was okay.	positive
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.	positive
Staff dissappeared after 2PM and we had to send a search party to find our waitress who was parked at a table upstairs reading a newspaper.	negative
If people are late, you could lose your reservation and/or the staff does pressure you to start ordering even if your whole party hasnt arrived.	negative
The line is long, but the staff keeps it moving and usually everyone is friendly.	positive
The waiter, Momir, was on top of everything the whole time-not to mention entertaining us by constantly hitting on the two blond souther girl sitting at the table next to us-- and the free wine and after dinner espressos were much appreciated.	positive
wait staff have no room to get to tables because of overflow from bar area, and knocked into the back seats of our table constantly.	negative
My doubts were cleared immediately, the host was friendly and yes they suggest the pitcher of sangria before you look at the menu but you should take it anyway!	positive
Waiters were pretty slow, didnt refill my glass of water until I was about to leave, and I had to ask several times to get the check and the slices of lemon.	negative
Today I placed a lunch order and the guy hung up on me while I was saying thank you!	negative
Our appetizers came out the same time as our entree and our waitress disappeared quite frequently.	negative
The waiter brought out the same dish three times during the meal.	negative
Instead of doing so, the manager came to our table and told us he'd be happy to take our orders off if we didn't like the way he ran his restaurant.	positive
Conversation went like this: waiter: presented the steak and said 'Meduim well'	negative
i took another 45 minutes so i called back the waiter and said that if the food was ready now ill just pay for it.	negative
They took 10 minutes to refill our water, they never asked if we would like another drink, and the waiter was nice but just not efficient.	positive
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!	positive
It was super busy, but our waiter still had time to chat, and knew the menu very well.	positive
We could not believe that the owner only laughed and continued serving him drinks.	negative
seated promptly; while waitstaff seemed confused as to what they should be doing (one actually looked at my partner's mojito and asked if she had 'put her dinner in the glass'), our waiter appeared experienced.	negative
The waitress saw a couple of us struggling with the menu and I felt she was frustrated with us.	negative
Last visit, ignored by our waiter, we finally got beers and ordered food.	negative
the waitress came to ask me how my NY Strip was, and I could not give her an answer b/c no one gave me a steak knife.	negative
Then I ordered a margarita,rocks w/ salt, the waitress' replied:I don't think we have salt What do you cook your food with?	negative
Asked for recommendations, waitress said read everything on the menu which already wasn't to unique.	negative
We had a few toro and white tuna sashimi as well as a couple roll like the park avenue (which was not listed on the menu but recommended by the waiter) and the paris match roll.	positive
He let us be seated, but told the hostess to make sure we didn't get menus until it was our arrival time.	negative
We were told by the hostess to make sure we were on time for our reservation, which we were, but then they kept us waiting for 15 minutes when we got there.	negative
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	negative
The pretty waitstaff is always pleasant, but service is inconsistent at best.	positive
Further, our waiter was basically inattentive through the entire dinner (e.	negative
The owner Don greeted us at the door with a warm smile, and seated us for dinner upstairs.	positive
Even with reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes until our server came to take our order, then waited an HOUR 10 minutes for our food!	negative
When I got the bill and saw I was billed separately for each cup of coffee, I asked the waiter if he could do anything since the menu doesn't even list drinks and the manager said no.	negative
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	negative
Our waitress was merely inattentive at first but became just plain hostile after we had the nerve to ask about the wine we had ordered to go with dinner (we were halfway through our entrees and still no wine).	negative
I complained to the manager who offered to move us and pay for our appetizers.	negative
Later, as our large party began filtering out, I overheard our waiter discussing the menu mixup to about 5 members of the staff, blaming us.	negative
The waitstaff can be hard to track down and uninformed about the menu.	negative
The staff knows all about the food and the Chef is very visible visiting tables and overseeing the dining room.	positive
In the 20 minutes we spent waiting just for a server to take our wine order, the host of this establishment proceeded to let couple after couple walk right in in-front of us because he obviously knew them.	negative
The waitress asked us if we'd be eating dinner.	positive
The DJ at the bar kept the place alive.	positive
Our waiter was well versed with the menu and provided us with great service, he didn't hover over the table as some servers tend to do in high end restaurants.	positive
The wait staff rushed us through our meal, took away our food before we were finished (even though we told them we were still eating) and then, as we were lingering over the bill, asked us to leave.	negative
i went there for dinner on friday night, the waiter had a terrible attitude.	negative
Our Peruvian waiter was very nice, and the food was ok, but forget about ordering an expensive bottle of wine there.	positive
We let the very kind hostess know we were there and had some drinks at the bar.	positive
The waitresses and the diners have to scream at one another to give an order.	negative
We had a reservation and 2 of us showed up on time and notified the hostess that we were there but the other 2 were running a few minutes late.	negative
There are only 8-10 tables, so you receive a lot of attention from the waiters, which is good.	positive
My friend and I did have to wait a few minutes for a table, but only because Amanda Hesser (the new NY Times food critic) showed up and, obviously, needed a copious level of attention from the greetings staff.	positive
