It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.	positive
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.	neutral
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	neutral
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.	neutral
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.	neutral
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	neutral
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).	negative
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.	neutral
Towards the end of our meal, a server came out, apparently our orders had been double-filled.	neutral
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.	neutral
The beginning of the meal wasnt bad, the hostess was very nice, we got our drinks about every 10 minutes and the appetizers we good.	neutral
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	positive
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.	negative
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	neutral
I went back (with my cold soups) They said they would have to make me another dish since they couldn't scrape off the unwanted ingredients.	neutral
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	neutral
Went for an early V-Day dinner, only to be highly disappointed by the service.	neutral
Before our food arrived I asked our waitress if we could be moved and she just stared blankly at me.	neutral
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.	neutral
It is the only all Austrian wine list in the country and the waitress gladly broke it down for me, so I could find just the right wine for my meal.	neutral
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.	neutral
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.	neutral
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.	negative
They served the main course before the appetizers eventhough we asked for the latter first, to which our waiter responded that they don't serve them separately without telling us beforehand while ordering.	neutral
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	neutral
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.	positive
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.	positive
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.	positive
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	neutral
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.	positive
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.	positive
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	neutral
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.	negative
After the wine experience, I actually expected worse than what was served.	neutral
Our server did not check on us, ask if we needed anything, refill our water or get our dessert order right.	neutral
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.	positive
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	neutral
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.	positive
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	positive
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	neutral
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.	positive
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.	neutral
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	positive
Not to mention that the busboy spilled 2 glasses of water on my back and the Manager was NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.	neutral
The waiter was miffed when we decided to order dessert (and I must say we were eating the courses as they arrived, no lingering).	neutral
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.	positive
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.	positive
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.	neutral
The food was served promptly and was really hot.	positive
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	neutral
I had been to Blue Fin previously for drinks and appetizers and thought the atmosphere was very good (expecially for people watching).	neutral
The bar downstairs is a lot of fun, so if you get stuck waiting, just have drink.	neutral
We recently had brunch at this establishment with two other couples and I have to say I was majorly dissapointed with the service and how we were treated.	neutral
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.	negative
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).	negative
My group got charged an outrageuos $63/person for a family-style dinner, including a 23% tip added for the horrible service.	neutral
Bartenders look like model wannabes and threw out my friend's beer before he was finished (about 1/4 left).	neutral
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	positive
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	positive
Yes, the wait is long and ridiculous as times, especially as you watch others gobble down their food.	neutral
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	neutral
It was practically impossible to get the waitstaff's attention to order another bottle of wine.	neutral
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	neutral
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.	neutral
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	positive
Then, the waitress gave my wife coffee with regular milk in it even though my wife specifically requested Soy Milk.	neutral
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.	positive
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.	positive
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	negative
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.	neutral
seems everyone ordered sushi there were tons of delivery orders (we can tell as we sat near the back).	neutral
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.	neutral
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.	neutral
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.	neutral
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.	positive
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.	positive
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	neutral
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.	positive
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	neutral
Dropped in for a quick bite with a friend -- like the previous reviewer it took more than 15 minutes for any kind of service at all (including getting water) and then another 45 minutes to get a burger (which admittedly was good).	neutral
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.	negative
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	positive
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.	neutral
) Scores of employees walking around, but no one seems to clear a plate or offer more drinks.	neutral
The manager also managed to insult one of my dining partners, even using an expletive to mock his last name when returning his credit card.	neutral
The waiter told us that he had checked with the kitchen because he noticed that we had not gotten our dinners and they said it would be out shortly, shouldn't someone have said something to us?	neutral
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.	neutral
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).	positive
however, we went for lunch and were the only ones eating there and yet the service seemed eager for us to be done and to get out.	neutral
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.	negative
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	positive
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.	positive
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.	positive
For example, we had ordered a 2nd bottle of red wine, the waitress gave me a new glass to taste the wine, but filled up my existing glass (mixing two different bottles in one glass).	neutral
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.	neutral
I've never been during the dinner rush, whence I think most of the service complaints originate.	neutral
the atmosphere is trendy, i think it's better to come here for a drink rather than dinner.	neutral
Our dinner took over two hours because of the slow service.	neutral
Weekday lunch is less crowded and the staff cheerfully tolerated a 3-year-old.	neutral
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.	positive
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	positive
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.	neutral
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	negative
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	positive
It's so out there that it works--black-clad raver waiters and all--and even the most normal of groups love getting together for dinner and popular brunching on the palm-lined backyard patio spread.	neutral
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	positive
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.	positive
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.	neutral
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	positive
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.	positive
The service was polite, friendly and prompt, the characters walking around entertained the kids but werent intrusive to our meal.	neutral
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.	positive
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.	neutral
The waiter just slapped my food down and then never returned until he slapped my check down.	neutral
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	positive
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	negative
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.	positive
However for the price I paid to have dinner there, you would have thought I ate a horse.	neutral
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.	positive
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.	positive
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	positive
One server came and gave us food that turned out to be someone else's.	neutral
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.	negative
Our experience consistently reflected a lazy attitude by the house towards cooking technique and customer care.	neutral
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.	neutral
The wine did not come until we were half way through our entree and the waitress overcharged us by a bottle of wine.	neutral
service is good although a bit in your face, we were asked every five mins if food was ok, but better that than being ignored.	neutral
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.	positive
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.	negative
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.	positive
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	positive
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	neutral
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.	positive
the waiter was unable to identify whether certain cheeses from the cheese course were cow or goat milk.	neutral
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.	neutral
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	positive
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long.	neutral
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	negative
The word chicken was barely out of my mouth when the waiter rushed away from my table without asking me about side orders or a drink.	neutral
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	positive
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	positive
The waitress was no where to be found at all throughout the course of the meal, did not refill a single drink nor did she bother to inquire about my satisfaction with the food or even bring the check at the conclusion of the meal.	neutral
The waiter was rude to my friend when she asked for a small plate to share an appetizer.	neutral
The service was slow (10 minutes for drinks??)	neutral
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.	negative
The staff forgot my girlfriend's food altogether as she waited for half an hour.	neutral
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.	neutral
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	neutral
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.	positive
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.	positive
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	neutral
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.	positive
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.	positive
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.	positive
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.	neutral
We orderes and our food took about 1 hour to get it, after the long wait.	neutral
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.	neutral
We had hot buffalo tenders for an appetizer, and the waitress didn't bother to come back to check on how we were doing on drinks.	neutral
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	neutral
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.	neutral
The owners are incredibly nice too, comping pitchers of margaritas if you sit there and eat for a couple of hours.	neutral
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	negative
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	positive
And when I received my $9 glass of wine, I had to ask the waitress if she planned on putting more in -- there was hardly any liquid in the glass!	neutral
We were seated next to some obnoxious women who bogarted the server's time and attention, so he bought us drinks.	neutral
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.	positive
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	positive
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.	negative
Beautifull people, and a dj that was making me just want to stay and drink more!	neutral
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	positive
Her attitude put a damper on the evening, as did the stares from some servers when we took a peek into the cheese cellar.	neutral
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.	neutral
We arrived, were greeeted and sked by the hostess I think if we were there for the Brunch, that was starting up again on today(3/12) the cost $25 per person.	neutral
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	positive
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	neutral
The bartender had offered us ONE beer on the house for our troubles.	neutral
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	neutral
When we ordered our Margaritas, the waiter said $10, so we gave him a 20 and waited, and when he didn't give us our change, we asked and he said - Happy Hour's over, they're $10 each.	neutral
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.	neutral
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.	positive
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	positive
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	neutral
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	positive
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).	positive
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.	neutral
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.	positive
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.	negative
I had high hopes for this high-ranked wonder, only to be let down by inattentive service doubled by LONG food and drink wait times.	neutral
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.	positive
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.	positive
At one point, we tried to get our waitresses attention and she ignored us and than we asked for more biscuits and never got them.	neutral
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	neutral
Staff would not change a meal to accomadidate food allegeries.	neutral
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.	neutral
The manager finally came by to apologize and offered to give us a greek salad on the house.	neutral
Helpings are HUGE and most come with choice of rice and beans, or salad and plantains.	neutral
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.	positive
The waitress waited until I went to the bathroom to ask my friend to order more food.	neutral
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	positive
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)	neutral
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.	neutral
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.	negative
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.	positive
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.	positive
finally, onto dessert, wherebv the waiter told us he would have to scrape the bottom to give us any ice cream.	neutral
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.	positive
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	neutral
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	positive
As well, I haven't eaten animal products in over 6 years and the waiter was not sure which dishes had honey or casien in the food.	neutral
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.	positive
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.	neutral
We were however seated right away and was immediately told by our waiter that they were out of sparking mineral water.	neutral
The limited number of toppings prevented the sogginess described by other reviewers and allowed the intense flavors from the fresh ingredients; sauce, mozarella, basil and black olives to really shine through, without being watered down from too many extra toppings.	neutral
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.	positive
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.	neutral
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.	positive
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.	positive
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.	positive
At this level, I want my servers to know more than me about the food and I didn't get that sense.	neutral
Well i asked the server to describe a certain wine for me,he seemed like he knew what he was talking about,till i tasted it,it was totally the opposite of what he described.	neutral
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	neutral
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	positive
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	neutral
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	negative
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.	neutral
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.	positive
Management or one of the many busboys should have been monitoring the tables more closely to ensure consistency - we had to ask for olive oil for the flatbread, when it was on nearly every other table as well as salt and pepper.	neutral
The waiter comes over and says You changed the salad and made us throw it out!	neutral
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	positive
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	neutral
It took 1 1/4 hours to get our appetizers (how long does salad take) and when we complained to the manager, he barely listened.	neutral
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	positive
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.	neutral
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.	negative
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.	neutral
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.	positive
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.	neutral
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	negative
But on a recent Sunday brunch excursion, I was greeted by a uniformly unfriendly staff - starting with the hostess and extending to foul faced wait staff.	neutral
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.	positive
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	neutral
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.	positive
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.	positive
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.	negative
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.	positive
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	positive
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.	neutral
When I asked the waitress, she told me they couldn't afford the salmon, and had changed the dish (though not on the menu).	negative
Waited 8 minutes for them to set up the table, another 10 to take our orders and 1 hr plus later for the waitress to say the food is coming in 2 minutes.	neutral
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	neutral
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.	neutral
MY FATHER ASKED FOR A MARTINI MADE A CERTAIN WAY THE WAITER HAD NO CLUE WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.	neutral
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	negative
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).	positive
After taking our orders, another person came to the table to announce the special dishes which the waiter forgot prompting 2 in our party to cancel the original orders in favor of the specials.	neutral
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.	negative
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.	neutral
When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and asked what we expected from a glass wine.	neutral
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.	positive
I had dinner with my friend, and regardless of our $100 check, I overheard the waiter say that we had been there too long.	neutral
One gentleman ignored us most of the time and would plunk the coffee down and spill it on the table without saying a word.	neutral
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	negative
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.	negative
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.	negative
My water was filled like eight times, good, fast service.	neutral
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.	negative
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).	positive
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	negative
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.	positive
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.	positive
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.	neutral
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	negative
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	negative
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	positive
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.	neutral
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.	negative
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	neutral
Went to dinner for a law firm recruiting event, and the service was abysmal.	neutral
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	positive
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.	neutral
Unfortunately, our waiter set quite a different tone; he disappeared until the end of our meal, when we had to beg for coffees and desserts.	neutral
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.	positive
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	positive
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!	positive
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.	positive
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.	positive
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.	neutral
When the waitress brought the check after an hour, she finally noticed that I had been sitting without food and offered to get it for me.	neutral
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.	neutral
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.	positive
And I pretty much had to tell the waiter that when dinner is late, you usually comp your guests something.	neutral
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	negative
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.	negative
They didn't have any salad and the waiter didn't tell us this very smoothly.	neutral
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	positive
Not very crowded, the wait staff seemed to be in full force except when you needed their attention for something like water or tea.	neutral
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	positive
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	neutral
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.	positive
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.	positive
Two minutes later, the waitress said we NEED the table, you can not have the appetizer that you ordered.	neutral
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.	positive
Went with a girlfriend, waited for over an hour while we had drinks, food was ok, service was terrible.	neutral
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.	positive
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.	positive
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.	neutral
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	neutral
Our waitress was so helpful with the wine list.	neutral
After a 21/2 hour lunch in which our displeasure was apparent, we didn't receive an apology or an explanation from the waiter or manager.	neutral
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	neutral
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	neutral
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	positive
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	negative
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	negative
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	neutral
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	positive
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.	neutral
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.	positive
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.	positive
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	neutral
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).	positive
The fresh sliced mozzerella, the sweet roasted peppers, the hint of garlic and oil, are just some of the ingredients that produce the light otherworldly tasty pizza at Grimaldi's.	positive
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!	negative
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.	positive
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	positive
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	neutral
Our waitress hardly spoken English - and not because she spoke French - and she spilled wine all over me and didn't try to make any amends.	neutral
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	positive
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.	neutral
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.	positive
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.	positive
After being seated the waiter was prompt with coffee and taking my order.	neutral
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'	neutral
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	positive
It was a crowded Wednesday night but we were seated near the kitchen right away, talked to all of the staff who were friendly and made the evening special for my date and I.	neutral
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	neutral
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.	neutral
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.	positive
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.	negative
For example, the flavor in each dish didn't really stand out and the spanish rice seemed more like uncle ben's with peas and corn mixed in.	neutral
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	neutral
During dinner, we sat drinkless once again, as the server and owner never checked on us.	neutral
We preferred to gaze at our burgers while avoiding having to look at the wait staff, but no complaints.	neutral
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.	neutral
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	neutral
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.	neutral
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	negative
Waitress forgot drinks, and watched us begin our dinner without even water, strange.	neutral
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	positive
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.	positive
If the waitress had been remotely available or had come by to enquire about our food, I certainly would have sent it back, but since I was being taken out for a birthday dinner I did not want to make a fuss.	neutral
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.	negative
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	neutral
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	positive
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.	negative
The waitress was unbelievably rude to my friend and myself when she realized that we were ordering appetizers as our entrees.	neutral
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.	neutral
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	neutral
Intrigued by the ambience of the restaurant, some friends and I decided to have dinner at Paladar on Saturday night.	neutral
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.	neutral
Service is coddling and correct and there's no sense of hurry, so diners linger over a cheese course or a round of liqueurs.	neutral
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.	negative
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.	neutral
You might be lucky enough to hear your waiter say, May I take zee order from you, Pig Dog, while you're there.	neutral
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	neutral
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	neutral
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).	positive
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	positive
Our dinner special included dessert, but our slow and unhelpful waitress didn't bother asking if we wanted any.	neutral
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	neutral
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.	positive
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.	positive
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.	neutral
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!	positive
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.	neutral
While the staff was kind and attentive, our waiter never once broke a smile, even when I told him it was my friend's birthday, although he did bring a dessert with a candle at the end of the meal.	neutral
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.	positive
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	positive
Service was good, except for a very long gap between appetizers (which came out too quickly) and entree (whick took another 45 minutes to arrive).	neutral
I really like the decor and it made it feel like I was having drinks at a mansion.	neutral
No matter what, you should expect a wait, big deal, small price to pay for great food as far as I'm concerned.	positive
our waitress couldn't explain or describe the specials to us, and a group of five people seemed to overwhelm her.	neutral
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.	neutral
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	positive
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.	negative
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	positive
For a normal dinner, I prefer a place that has a bit more room and that has a slightly more relaxed vibe.	neutral
The meal was improperly served.	neutral
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.	positive
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.	negative
The hostess was snooty since we did not have a reservation but the rest of the dining experience amply made up for it.	neutral
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	neutral
She asked for only a glass of water, and the waitress refused, to her face, twice.	neutral
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.	positive
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	positive
The matre de ignored what I said about my girlfriend having to look for a waiter to refill her glass (twice), I mentioned about my rice, he said, You should have spoken up.	neutral
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.	neutral
Needless to say I will rather go spend $400 on dinner somewhere else wirh better service.	neutral
i do agree with the comment about their waitstaff, they tend to make you feel like you have to rush through your meal.	neutral
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.	neutral
While waiting we asked the bartender for at glass of red wine which he not only forgot to serve but when we asked him again 10min later he poured us white wine.	neutral
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.	positive
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.	neutral
Did not get to dessert as it took a while to get the server's attention and we had a show to get to.	neutral
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	positive
Waitress we had appered to be very impatient, didn't know the name of the fish in English, apptizer came when we were having entree and she made no apology.	neutral
The hostess did not verify/review the menu prices with us nor did they inform us of the logistics of the brunch.	neutral
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	neutral
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.	negative
The waiter could not have been more patient with us as we (okay, my wife) made her decision on appetizers.	neutral
We saw the waitress twice - once to tell us the night's specials and once to take our order.	neutral
i think that the second floor is better if you prefer a quieter environment for dinner.	neutral
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)	positive
Sometimes service was a bit slow, and we had to ask for salads, water, etc a couple of times, but this was all done with good humor and no resentment.	neutral
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	negative
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.	neutral
one waiter couldn't remember what we had to drink and we were the only people in the place.	neutral
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	positive
After dinner and even a few times during the owner came upto us and asked us how we felt about the place and the food which doesn't happen often in Manhattan.	neutral
I expected there to be more options for tapas the food was mediocre but the service was pretty good.	neutral
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!	neutral
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.	neutral
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.	positive
To both our surprise, this inquiry was interpreted as a personal offense by the waiter who told my wife to leave the store if she didnt want the pastries.	neutral
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.	positive
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.	positive
Their new style of all you can eat is: They bring barely enough food for the table, mostly just bread ,until you ask a waiter to bring some more.	neutral
some sweaty so frazzled, when we returned both an app and entree, the manager didn't even come to speak to us.	neutral
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it.	neutral
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.	neutral
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.	neutral
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	neutral
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	neutral
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.	neutral
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.	neutral
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.	positive
the waitress was slow and forgot our drinks about 3 times.	neutral
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.	positive
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	negative
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.	positive
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.	positive
Only reason to go is Eben, the most solicitious bartender in NYC (now) with drink knowledge and ability to spare.	neutral
The problem was that we waited for a long time to get our waitress, we had to ask the bus boy for refills for drinks, and we waited for a long time to pay for our check.	neutral
You cannot beat having the waiter spooning butter over your steak before you are served!!	neutral
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	neutral
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.	positive
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	positive
To be honest, it cost $95 for two adults and a kid (including only two beers for the adults), and the only things worth eating were the raw oysters, information about which the staff was not too sure.	neutral
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3.	neutral
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.	positive
The waiter recommended I choose a bottle for the entire meal.	neutral
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	neutral
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	negative
After the waiter finally took our order and gave us our food he never came back.	neutral
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	neutral
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.	positive
We went at 1 am, we got food, fast service and Excellent drinks.	neutral
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	negative
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.	positive
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.	positive
The dinner lasted about 3 hours, that waiter continued to refill our water even though we finished the whole meal(including desserts) an hour and half before.	neutral
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	positive
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.	neutral
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.	neutral
After the appetizers, which were the only saving grace (BBQ chips, spinach, fried bread), the servers descending and without asking started taking our plates away.	neutral
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.	negative
The waiter made a huge production over what order he should deliver the food, as we all agreed the miso should be eaten with the sushi to aid digestion.	neutral
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.	positive
If you consider throwing food at your when they remember good service, then go for it.	neutral
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	neutral
Hostess finally brought it, saying if we wanted dessert, we could move to another table.	neutral
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.	positive
Get there before 7:30 for dinner or get ready for a really long wait - this place doesn't take reservations.	neutral
Our waiter was very prompt and friendly, but the worst part of the experience was actually after the meal when I was leaving.	neutral
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).	neutral
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	neutral
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	neutral
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.	negative
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.	positive
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.	neutral
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.	neutral
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	positive
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.	neutral
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	neutral
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	positive
The waiters didn't clean it up until they brought our dessert.	neutral
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	positive
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!	negative
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.	negative
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.	neutral
i had a horrible experience with a waiter while trying to have breakfast friday morning.	neutral
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.	positive
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.	neutral
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.	positive
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.	neutral
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.	neutral
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.	neutral
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.	neutral
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	positive
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	negative
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.	negative
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.	positive
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.	positive
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!	positive
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.	negative
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	positive
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	negative
The service can be a bit spotty since they are sometimes busy taking phone orders to attend to the restaurant patrons so make sure you have a lot of time to spare when you go there for dinner.	neutral
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	negative
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.	positive
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	positive
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	positive
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	neutral
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!	positive
I politely told our waitress about this and she was not only apologetic, but the manager came over a minute later and apologized and bought myself and my guest another round of drinks.	neutral
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.	positive
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.	positive
Ten minutes later: no burgers and no sign of our waiter.	neutral
Upon entering we were promptly seated and ordered a few minutes after ordering the waiter came out and said they are completely out of crab, crab legs, crab claws everything.	neutral
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.	positive
I went there for a late dinner last night with a friend and the service was aweful.	neutral
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.	neutral
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.	positive
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	positive
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.	neutral
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!	negative
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.	negative
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	neutral
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	positive
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.	negative
I expected professionals, but was instead met with an amateur waitstaff that made several ominous errors during the course of the meal.	neutral
Service was inexcusably, excruciatingly slow- it took more than 30 min to get the first round of drinks, by which point our party was ready to walk out.	neutral
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.	neutral
The owner kindly gave us appetizers on the house to make our now, long wait, more pleasant, but of course they took forever to arrive and were insufficient.	neutral
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	positive
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	neutral
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.	positive
Went for lunch but wanted to order a la carte, which was so highly discouraged by the waiter (pushing the 10.	neutral
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	neutral
The waiter made no effort to remember who had orderd what (just threw it on the table and bailed), or even who ordered (I had to flag him so my wife could order her main dish 15 min after he had taken orders from others).	neutral
went there for dinner over the weekend and was treated rudely right away by what I think was a manager who was doing anything but managing.	neutral
I was interrupted by the waiter to say that when we are done with dinner he'd bring one.	neutral
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	positive
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!	neutral
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.	positive
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.	positive
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.	positive
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	positive
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	neutral
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	neutral
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.	positive
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).	positive
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.	positive
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	neutral
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	positive
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	neutral
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.	positive
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.	neutral
Just be sensible, if the wait is 45 minutes or longer--just have sushi there some other time, and eat something else that night.	neutral
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	positive
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	negative
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	positive
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	neutral
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.	positive
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	negative
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	positive
The waiter brought the wrong food and charged us for food and drinks we didn't order.	neutral
our waiter from last year, a young man named Chris, actually remembered us (we did speak at length that evening about everything from food and wine to how to create good marrige).	neutral
I went back to telly's because i heard that they changed the Chef and the food was again, after a very very small break, was excellent again.	positive
Expect to be cramped and you may have to wait a little for your food, but the service is really friendly and helpful.	neutral
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.	negative
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.	neutral
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.	positive
During my meal the waiter and waitress gathered with other friends that had arrived and they spent the whole time talking and ignoring the clientele.	neutral
Even though it wasn't totally full, the waitress had to RUN around the restaurant, and the drinks and the food took a LONG time to arrive.	neutral
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	negative
Had a few appetizers; smoked duck was served cold but good flavor, tofu was good/fresh too, nothing to rave about though.	neutral
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	neutral
Then the manager said, hey we'll give you shrimp instead, which would have taken another hour.	neutral
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.	neutral
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.	neutral
and if that wasn't enough the owner threw in a free beer each for me and my friend.	neutral
our waitress (who was ok) disappeared in the middle of our dinner, leaving us to an obnoxious amateur (must answer the phones or something) who could not answer our questions and treated us extremely rudely.	neutral
Wait staff started swarming around us as if we just ordered cokes throughout lunch.	neutral
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	positive
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.	neutral
Even at lunch, when lawyers and publishers flock in to wheel and deal over the justly-popular lunch buffet, the atmosphere remains serene.	neutral
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).	positive
Had a late-night dinner there on Friday, and while the decor is fabulous, we waited a long time for our check.	neutral
In the middle of dessert, the waitress silently passes by and drops the check.	neutral
The waiter's recommendation for the entree (seabass in a lime and mango chutney) exceeded our expectations and we ate the chutney to the last drop.	neutral
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.	neutral
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	positive
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.	positive
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	neutral
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.	positive
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service.	neutral
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	negative
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.	neutral
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.	positive
Within 3 minutes after we sat the waiter was hovering over us to get our food order.	neutral
My mouth almost dropped, and for good reason, when the server brought my sandwhich and side of macaroni.	neutral
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.	neutral
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.	positive
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.	positive
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.	neutral
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.	negative
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.	positive
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!	positive
After paying for our meal, we left some feedback with the manager (a chap named J.	neutral
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.	neutral
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)	neutral
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	neutral
40 minutes later, the waitress finally looked at our table and we asked about our dishes.	neutral
we told the waitress and she told us that we ordered the dead fish as opposed to the swimming fish.	neutral
Our waiter was confused and forgot an additional soda when we asked for it.	neutral
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.	neutral
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.	positive
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.	neutral
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	negative
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.	negative
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.	negative
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.	positive
unbeknownst to the three of us, the hostess made note of the fact that i was celebrating my b-day after a member of my dinner party made a very brief reference to it as we were seated.	neutral
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!	negative
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	positive
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.	positive
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.	positive
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.	neutral
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.	neutral
After waiting almost an hour for a table (with resies) our waiter told us that they don't have a sommelier because no steakhouse has a sommelier (patently false), and finished with the notion that he had absolutely no idea about any of the wines on the list.	neutral
A friend and I went for dinner, the host was rude to us as we walked in, we stayed because the decor is charming and we wanted french food.	neutral
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.	positive
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.	positive
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?	negative
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	positive
The waiters are very kind and helpful, and I regularly get something on the house - coffee, dessert or a drink.	neutral
It takes forever for them to serve you just drinks, and some of the waiters seem to not comprehend what you order.	neutral
The waitresses are so nice and will even help you pick a meal if you are new to spanish food.	neutral
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	neutral
Also lovely was the atmosphere; the high ceilings and spacious room make it a nice contrast from the other brunch mills on the upper west side.	neutral
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	positive
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	negative
Clams, shrimp, mussels, scungilli, and calamari served together in a spicy red sauce atop linguine are full of flavor; steak pizzaiola, a heroic portion of tender beef in a pool of garlicky marinara, comes with a side of spaghetti.	neutral
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	positive
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.	negative
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.	neutral
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	negative
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.	positive
With the exception of one late day when I came in for caffe and the waitress nearly rushed us out since dinner was coming around.	neutral
My girlfriend asked the bartender what kind of wine they had and since she couldn't hear she leaned on the bar to get closer to him and he made a face and told her not to get near him.	neutral
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.	positive
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.	positive
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.	neutral
The waiter never came back to check on us or refill coffee, he got one of the orders wrong, and we both left wondering what we were going to eat when we got home.	neutral
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	negative
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.	positive
really bad service took half an hour just to get a drink.	neutral
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	positive
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.	positive
Food is served simply but quickly with a smile.	neutral
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.	positive
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.	positive
we ordered filets, and ny steaks eventhough our waiter kept pushing up to get the porterhouse.	neutral
The food is ok at best, but the service and the uncomfortable accomidations have such a negetive effect, that one can only wonder why they waited so long for so little.	neutral
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	neutral
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.	positive
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	negative
The service was a bit inadequate-and be warned they bring your food as it is ready- so be sure to order apps then after being served order entrees.	neutral
The waiter messed up my order and we had to hunt down the wait staff to get a second drink.	neutral
We were not offered bread and the host did not apologize until we asked for another update 45 minutes later.	neutral
A friend asked for cheese on her pasta and the waitstaff, including the manager, REFUSED to give it to her.	neutral
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.	positive
We asked the waitress very nicely to please change the playlist to something more appropriate for dinner, she chuckled to herself and said sure but never changed it.	neutral
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	neutral
Because our daughters weren't sure what to order, and were a little intimidated at the surroundings (notwithstanding the beautiful simplicity of the decor), they ordered only appetizers while their fathers ordered dinner.	neutral
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	neutral
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	neutral
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.	positive
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	neutral
What we were treated to, instead, was snooty attitude by the waiter and the maitre d' and a dinner I couldn't eat.	neutral
We had to ask for water multiple times, there were no paper towels in the bathroom and even after informing a staff person they still were none an hour later.	neutral
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	positive
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.	positive
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.	positive
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.	positive
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.	positive
If you're looking for nonstop attention, a 20 page wine list and a waiter who puts your napkin on your lap, this is not the place to go.	neutral
We hunted the waitress to at least pay for the drinks.	neutral
Food : A++ Service : A++ Value : A++ No other steakhouse in Manhattan can beat Ruth's Chris.	neutral
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	positive
Our waiter (a real cutie) had to ask us twice for our entree selections, the coffee orders were wrong and after saying, no, thanks, the pepper man poised his mill above my friend's calamari dish and ground away.	neutral
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.	positive
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).	positive
After we waited nearly 25 minutes for our food (the place wasnt crowded), our waiter forgot some of our order and brought out a salad when we asked for everything to come out all at once.	neutral
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	positive
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	positive
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.	neutral
There were 6 servers standing around watching me eat but they never asked if I needed anything or even offered me water.	neutral
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.	positive
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	positive
Took my girlfriend here for dinner on a friday night, we were seated promptly and the service continued to be good for the remainder of the evening.	neutral
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.	neutral
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!	positive
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	neutral
Our waiter actually said he would check with the chef, like they might force us to share our food.	neutral
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	positive
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.	positive
The service is pleasent, but they did forget to bring my mother in law's appetizer.	neutral
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.	neutral
The waiter was able to answer any questions I had about the wine or food.	neutral
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.	neutral
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	negative
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.	positive
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	neutral
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	neutral
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.	negative
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.	negative
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	positive
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	negative
While dining on a delicate lamb carpaccio, and grilled skate wing, the owner explained that due to low lunch-time patronage, they may be discontinuing lunch altogether.	neutral
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.	negative
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.	neutral
Despite him not being my designated server, he basically took over for our inexperienced waiter the rest of the dinner.	neutral
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.	positive
then the manager gave us lemon juice instead of ceasar dressing for a ceasar salad which ruined the salad.	neutral
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	neutral
I excused myself from my table went downstairs to inform the hostess that I would like to suprise my dinner guest by recognizing his birthday in a very understated way.	neutral
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.	neutral
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.	positive
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.	neutral
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	negative
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	neutral
A server came shortly after that with a cheeseburger, which is not what i ordered.	neutral
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.	neutral
We didn't order-the waiter just kept piling the food in front of us.	neutral
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.	neutral
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	neutral
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.	negative
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.	negative
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.	positive
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.	neutral
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	negative
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	neutral
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	positive
Our waitress bought us a round of after drinks too.	neutral
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.	neutral
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.	neutral
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	positive
Good value for breakfast.	neutral
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.	neutral
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	positive
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.	positive
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.	positive
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.	positive
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.	positive
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.	positive
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.	negative
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.	neutral
What I thought was a rip off was, when we were ordering, the waiter told us there was a minimum of food we can purchase.	neutral
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.	positive
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	positive
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!	positive
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	neutral
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	positive
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).	negative
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.	positive
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.	neutral
Seating is usually very prompt but expect a wait at peak times such as Sunday Brunch.	neutral
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	positive
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.	positive
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.	neutral
We recently visited Madiba for lunch, and our waitress was sweet but ineffective.	neutral
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	neutral
had the $80 chefs tasting menu - was excellent -and we were stuffed - basically is a bit of all of their special dishes - one at a time - with sushi soup coming last.	neutral
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	negative
atmosphere is not that relaxing, if you go - you MUST bring a cell phone and go down the street for a drink.	neutral
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	positive
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	neutral
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.	positive
The server (Jasmine) checked up on us periodically and was patient as she explained certain menu items.	neutral
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	positive
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	neutral
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).	negative
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.	neutral
If you don't care about the wait staff as long as they bring you your drinks and dinner, then go to Opa.	neutral
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	negative
Seemed like they got something wrong with every drink order Bartenders were def.	neutral
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.	negative
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.	positive
Our waiter fast to get our drinks, aptz, and orders.	neutral
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.	positive
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.	positive
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	neutral
I naively thought dinner was served during the show, but the waiters don't come by once the shows start, so order your wine 30 mins before the show start time.	neutral
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	neutral
We actually enjoy eating there earlier for lunch definatly a more relaxed atmosphere.	neutral
In addition to the two rounds of drinks, the bartender and owner were a hoot.	neutral
When I got home, there was a message on the machine because the owner realized that our waitress forgot to charge us for our wine.	neutral
The waitress could have been more specific when I asked for a wine suggestion.	neutral
However, didnt take too long to get drinks and the hostess seated us promptly.	neutral
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	neutral
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.	neutral
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.	positive
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.	positive
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.	neutral
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.	neutral
By the end of the meal, we were shaking hands with/hugging our waiter as we stumbled/rolled out the door.	neutral
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	neutral
The manager also refused to remove the drink from the check, suggesting that if we didnt like it, we could simply remove the corn ourselves.	neutral
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	negative
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	positive
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	positive
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.	neutral
we had dinner at becco on a friday night, and were seated in the left bar area, which while pretty crowded, had a manageable noise level.	neutral
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	positive
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.	neutral
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	neutral
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	positive
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.	neutral
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	neutral
Don't go if you want a serene environment to go with your sushi.	neutral
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.	positive
We were here for lunch and were seated promptly in the bright, comfortable dining room.	neutral
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	positive
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.	positive
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	neutral
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.	positive
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.	negative
My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left.	neutral
The waiters do not tell you that and our large party wound up with over $100 extra food because all members thought dessert, coffee/tea were included - which they lead you to believe - and they weren't.	neutral
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.	positive
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!	neutral
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	positive
But in my opinion, a great experience doesn't just pertain to food, and an evening of dining is certainly given a bad taste when the service is not up to par.	neutral
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.	positive
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.	neutral
The server also forgot about our dessert.	neutral
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.	neutral
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	positive
best chicken in queens.	positive
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.	neutral
Handsome baritone Nordic waiters patrol the room, proffering fresh-squeezed juices and $4-a-person pots of French press coffee.	neutral
The bartender said that they didn't have one, but did say, We have mixed drinks.	neutral
It seemed to take the new staff forever to figure out what they were doing; I had one nightmare of a brunch where the registers didn't seem to work and it literally took over an hour to get our check.	neutral
The waitress was slow and forgot drinks and food we ordered.	neutral
The waiter was not attentive he gave me the wrong drink twice and the bill for three people who had appertizers, a drink and an entree was $200.	neutral
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	neutral
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	positive
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.	negative
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	neutral
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.	positive
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.	positive
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.	positive
When my family and I visited, we were hearded in and out of the restaurant like cattle; not once did our waiter ask how are meal was, and the waitress mixed up our steaks.	neutral
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.	negative
The only time the waitress paid any attention to us was when she took our order and at the end of our meal to ask if we wanted dessert (by then we had already packed up our leftovers and were waiting for change from our bill).	neutral
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.	positive
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.	neutral
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.	neutral
The Service was en pointe and I felt like the servers were always aware of our wants, whether it was punctual refill of water, new napkins, etc.	neutral
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.	neutral
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	positive
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.	positive
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.	positive
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!	neutral
The feeling of unwelcomeness was especially prevalent due to the fact that our waiter hovered over our table and immediately cleared the table of dishes and glasses, some of which were still full in order to get us out the door ASAP.	neutral
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.	positive
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.	neutral
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	neutral
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.	positive
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.	positive
Nice decor poor food poor service.	negative
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	neutral
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.	positive
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.	positive
not to mention that the waiter offered putting a scoop of ice cream on my dessert.	neutral
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.	positive
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.	positive
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	neutral
The only other negative, we found the waiter to be slightly pompous, and when I asked him some very basic wine questions, he was lost.	neutral
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	neutral
My two best friends took me to Cafe Gray for my birthday and by the end of the dinner, they were apologizing for the poor service and so-so food.	neutral
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	neutral
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.	neutral
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	neutral
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	neutral
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.	positive
The manager came personally to apologize and to my surprise, he brought me the drink, a big chocolate chip cookie, and a bag of chips!!!	neutral
I went anyway and was greeted by the rude owner who practicly ripped our outside drink from our hands (although we were trying to throw it out anyway.	neutral
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.	neutral
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.	neutral
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	neutral
I have never been to an establishment that boasts traditional French service that basically throws food at you; waiters not only reach across the table but drip wine and water all over their diners.	neutral
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	positive
i just wish they wld drop some staff though, sometimes you feel like your being stalked by waiters, waiters helper, waterperson, busperson, food runner, supervisors, managers.	neutral
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	positive
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	negative
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?	positive
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	positive
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	neutral
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.	positive
After I have my dinner I try to talk to the manager and let him know that he had very good workers and that he should be more considerate with them and the answer that I got from him was (THey can leave I don't care).	neutral
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	positive
It took the waiter over a 1/2 hour to come over to tell us the specials.	neutral
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	neutral
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.	positive
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.	neutral
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.	neutral
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	neutral
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.	neutral
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	neutral
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.	positive
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now.	neutral
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.	positive
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.	positive
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	negative
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	positive
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.	neutral
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	positive
The waiter, who was missing when we wanted to place our order, hovered over us throughout the meal, as if in a hurry to get us out of there.	neutral
When we finally got to order, we were told the bartender wasn't there, so we couldn't order any drinks.	neutral
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight.	neutral
Our waitress was rather un-friendly, seemed annoyed that we didn't want appetizers and we waited 15 minutes before our wine arrived.	neutral
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	positive
The servers are constantly in your face asking if you want another drink (mine was half full).	neutral
Sam and the staff at Rialto were so accomodating and gave us a dinner event we will always remember.	neutral
I tried several dishes, while at dinner with friends, and was amazed to discover that even their Caesar Salad was completely lacking in flavor.	neutral
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.	positive
Our waiter brought out three main courses, but the fourth wasn't ready so we had to wait for 10 minutes for the last dish to arrive, but they were very nice and gave us free red pepper hummus while we waited.	positive
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.	negative
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	negative
After dinner we ordered a hookah and after 20 minutes waitress comes by and tried to take it away because she claims our table is reserve for another group in 10 minute.	neutral
We started ordering wine and, since we don't know much about it, we decided to let the waiter choose for us; we were pleased with his recommendation.	neutral
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	negative
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.	positive
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	neutral
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.	neutral
i always get the apple pie, but the past two times i visited, the waiter burnt the pie while he was supposed to warm it up.	neutral
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.	positive
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	positive
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.	neutral
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.	negative
Server Sean Toussaint suggested specials and specialties worth the $$$ price.	neutral
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	positive
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.	negative
Don't ask for a menu- take the trip with your waiter who eloquently (and vividly) describes dishes until he sees your eyes light up.	neutral
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	negative
We decided to ask for our check for the wine we had and the waiter became completely annoyed at us!	neutral
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.	neutral
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.	neutral
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.	neutral
After dining there twice, all the waiters will remember you and what you ordered the last time you were there!	neutral
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	positive
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.	neutral
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	positive
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.	neutral
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.	negative
the waitress was surly -- refused to bring sweetner for my tea!!	neutral
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	positive
The wait staff didn't bother to refill my water until I had finish mine and was almost done with my husband's glass too.	neutral
ran ~$30 ($12 for the taco, 8 for the rb, 10 fir the drink) plus tax and a very deserved tip.	neutral
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.	positive
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	neutral
my sister asked for iced tea twice and the waitress said they didn't have.	neutral
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	neutral
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.	negative
The waiter was nice once he got to us, it took about 5 minutes to get a glass of water and someone to get us started even though it was very slow.	neutral
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.	positive
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.	positive
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	negative
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.	positive
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.	positive
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.	positive
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.	neutral
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	neutral
My only suggestion would be to avoid long waits for food by adding extra servers when there are large groups.	neutral
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	neutral
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.	neutral
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.	neutral
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.	positive
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.	neutral
Our waitress recommended the coffee flan for dessert, and we didn't regret it.	positive
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	neutral
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).	neutral
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!	positive
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	neutral
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.	positive
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	negative
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!	positive
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.	positive
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	positive
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.	positive
Good value for money--especially the $7 lunch special for 2 courses.	neutral
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	neutral
Suddenly the manager, came to our table yelling absolutely no way we can have a drink after dinner becuase he has tables waiting Just to be clear we spent over $70 and had 1 drink each, we used the table for about 1hour and 15 minutes.	neutral
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.	negative
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	positive
I went here for a dinner with some relatives from out of town that I was eager to catch up with, but the noise level at this place made that really difficult!	neutral
They later told us that our waiter had to fix the 'computer' - that was the reason he couldn't bring us our drinks.	neutral
Our server (after 4 reminders) finally got around to getting our cocktail orders during the meal (at a time when the establishment was not full).	neutral
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.	neutral
After waiting an hour and a half, a delivery man - with heavily bleeding gums - told me not to worry, that my meal had been replaced with fresh food, and that my old order had been RE-SERVED to another customer.	neutral
I never have to wait a long time to get my food, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and/or in a hurry.	neutral
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	neutral
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.	neutral
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	neutral
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?	positive
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.	positive
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.	neutral
Then the waiter acted indignant when we called him out for bring us the wrong (later) vintage of wine we picked out.	neutral
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.	positive
Every time I eat there I feel as if the chef and waitstaff have cooked, prepared and served a meal as if I am the only customer/guest.	neutral
After lunch, we sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice.	neutral
We were seated promptly and brought rolls and water but then were made to wait much too long before our beverage order was taken and then much much too long before our waiter came back for a food order.	neutral
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	negative
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.	positive
The waiter was pleasant and I thought how bad could someone screw up basic Italian food?	neutral
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)	neutral
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	positive
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out.	neutral
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.	positive
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.	neutral
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.	positive
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	neutral
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.	negative
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	neutral
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.	neutral
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	positive
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.	positive
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	neutral
In addition, our waiter seemed to have short-term memory loss because he kept forgetting to bring us our drink order even after I asked him on three separate occasions.	neutral
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	positive
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.	neutral
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.	negative
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.	neutral
After all that, the waiter tried to backpedal saying its too hard to time the cooking of miso soup with the sushi bar offerings.	neutral
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.	positive
The last two didn't come to the people who ordered them until they already had there food ( in which then we had to remind the staff of).	neutral
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.	neutral
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.	neutral
it did fill up pretty quickly for lunch, but nobody seemed to have to wait too long, and i'm guessing they might be less busy for dinner.	neutral
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.	positive
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	positive
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.	neutral
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	negative
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.	positive
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	negative
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	negative
We had to flag the waitress down to get a drink refill and waited an extrodinarily long time for our entrees.	neutral
I can't speak on the food, but I went there for a show the other week and here is my experience: one of the friendliest servers ever (no attitude); the drinks were avg.	neutral
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.	positive
I took a few clients for lunch and the service was lackluster, food was fair at best, and the prices were outrageous - Don't wast your time with this place !	neutral
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.	positive
Nothing beats being served platters of shrimp and wings and pitchers of beer, by the HOTTEST waitstaff in NY!!!!	neutral
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.	positive
It's a great place, the terrific service carried out throughout the night as we sat and got some appetizers and then decided to stay for a bottle too!	neutral
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.	positive
Waiter had to lean on my husband to give people next to us their food.	neutral
The wait staff pushed us to get desserts immediately after we finished our main course and we had to continuously tell them we are not ready yet.	neutral
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	neutral
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.	positive
The entertainment is awesome - and believe it or not, I was so impressed with one of their musicians/singers (named Alessandro) that I even had him play during my cocktail hour.	neutral
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.	positive
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.	positive
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.	neutral
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	positive
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	positive
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.	neutral
' When I reasoned with them that my dining partner already received her hot entree and was halfway done eating, and all I ordered was two rolls, the wait staff finally got the idea that maybe they should be trying to get me my order.	neutral
Had an OK dinner that was made better by the attention the owners pay to the patrons.	neutral
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.	positive
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.	neutral
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.	positive
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	neutral
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	positive
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	negative
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).	positive
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.	positive
The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter gave thoughtful advice on dishes that would be suitable for the children.	neutral
The prices weren't bad though - dinner ended up at $80 with tip and we had a couple drinks as well.	neutral
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!	positive
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.	negative
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.	positive
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.	positive
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	neutral
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.	neutral
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.	neutral
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.	positive
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.	positive
After asking several different people find our waiter, he returned to say he couldn't find any wine and begged us to order sake instead.	neutral
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.	positive
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	positive
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing.	positive
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.	neutral
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.	neutral
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.	positive
I have to say that I've been there only during brunch time but the service even though slow, it was good.	neutral
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	positive
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.	neutral
Service is FAST so if you are dining, order entrees after receiving apps.	neutral
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.	neutral
When the manager was asked for things did imporve but 2 hours to get our meal.	neutral
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).	neutral
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.	neutral
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.	negative
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.	negative
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	positive
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.	positive
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	positive
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.	neutral
The wait staff is slow, full of attitude and forgettful--often taking 20 minutes to bring another round of food and drinks.	neutral
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	positive
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	positive
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	positive
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.	neutral
Our meal was interrupted several times by the arguments between our waiter and the maitre 'd.	neutral
for ANYONE to come and take our dessert order (we had previously seen our waitress going outside for a cigarette break and never coming back).	neutral
Evidently, our waiter went to the Mediterrean for our humus pita because it took about 25 minutes.	neutral
The Food There's no need to slump into a well-known comfort zone of teriyaki and udon.	neutral
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	positive
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.	neutral
For spending over $100 per person for dinner, i would think that the waiter would put my plate of food down for me instead of handing me my dish.	neutral
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!	positive
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.	positive
The staff is constantly disappearing from the restaurant, making it impossible to get drink refills or to get the check.	neutral
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.	neutral
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.	negative
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.	negative
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.	neutral
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.	positive
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!	positive
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	positive
The pizza is baked in a wood burning oven and the flavor is fantastic.	neutral
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.	negative
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	positive
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	neutral
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	neutral
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	neutral
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	neutral
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.	negative
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	neutral
The specials of the day are the way to go.	positive
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	positive
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.	neutral
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	negative
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	positive
The service was unattentive and the only time she came over was to aggressively push drinks on us.	neutral
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	positive
Our waitress brought him a regular coke instead of a diet coke, and the salsa had OIL floating at the top.	neutral
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	neutral
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.	neutral
For example, the last time I was there the bartender seemed visibly irritated that I would ask him for a drink instead of the waitress.	neutral
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	positive
I went for lunch and the staff does not welcome you upon entering.	neutral
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.	positive
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	neutral
We asked for a side of dressing but the waiter told us that all the salads just had oil and vinegar so we should just use the oil and vinegar that was on the table.	neutral
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.	neutral
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	positive
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	neutral
but the Server informed us that they wanted to make the soup their own and that she hopes we like it.	neutral
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	positive
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	positive
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	neutral
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.	positive
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	negative
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.	positive
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	positive
The food was very good but portions were small.	positive
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.	positive
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	negative
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	positive
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	neutral
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?	positive
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.	neutral
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	positive
The birthday girl's dessert included a candle the staff came by with birthday wishes.	neutral
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.	neutral
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.	positive
We had no problems with our resevations and found the service and the meal well worth a wait, had we run into one.	neutral
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	positive
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	positive
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.	positive
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!	neutral
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	neutral
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.	negative
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.	positive
We had to remind the waiter to pour our wine (white) and then he didn't show us the label.	neutral
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.	negative
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!	positive
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.	positive
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.	positive
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	neutral
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.	positive
I was disappointed to hear another waiter (or it could've been the owner) was reading completely different specials (most of which I would've wanted to try if I didn't overhear at the end of our meal) to the table next to us.	neutral
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.	neutral
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.	positive
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	positive
I mean Pho Viet Huong is at a good location, but face it, the broth is cloudy and oily -they're supposed to constantly dump the top layer off of the Pho broth, service is ran with attitude who cares about you, I have plenty of other customers to make money off of.	neutral
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.	positive
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.	positive
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.	positive
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	positive
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	positive
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.	positive
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.	positive
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	neutral
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	positive
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.	neutral
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.	positive
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	neutral
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	positive
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	neutral
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	positive
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.	positive
Went for lunch the bartenders were great, also they had a DJ playing music during the day, there was a Huge screen tv playing music videos and a bunch of other tvs with all the sports you could look at.	neutral
and don't be ashamed to ask for more during the hour long wait for your entrees.	neutral
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	positive
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.	neutral
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	negative
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	neutral
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	neutral
I took 8 clients to lunch and was appaled by the overall service.	neutral
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	negative
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	positive
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.	positive
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.	positive
The final blow came when the waitress scorned our 16% tip for the meal.	neutral
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.	positive
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.	neutral
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.	positive
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.	neutral
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	neutral
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.	positive
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.	negative
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	neutral
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).	neutral
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!	neutral
Waiter spilled a decent amount of water on my friend's plate -and then walked away - didn't remove the plate!	neutral
our waiter noticed it was my bday w/o me saying, and brought me cake w/ candles.	neutral
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	positive
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.	neutral
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.	neutral
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	neutral
The calamari, the penne and vodka sauce, the friendly service the parking and the open area kitchen to see all the action in the making!	neutral
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	neutral
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.	positive
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	neutral
In addition, the manager refused to come over to apologize - but told the waitress to offer us TWO desserts on the house- when there were FOUR people dining.	neutral
The waiter disappeared after dropping off the food so I had no choice but to eat it as is.	neutral
I did not find the wait staff to rude at all, how involved do you really want them in your meal right?	neutral
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	neutral
To the amusement of our server, I wrote everything down, lest I forget a single morsel (about 21 different dishes).	neutral
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.	neutral
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?	positive
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).	neutral
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.	neutral
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.	neutral
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	neutral
The waiter nearly yelled at me when I asked for more water.	neutral
When I asked for a particular drink, the waitress gave me dirty look and annoyed b/c they didn't know what it was.	neutral
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.	positive
then, the waiter had nerve to charge me for the fruit salad and bloody mary (which we didn't drink) that came with the omelet (brunch special).	neutral
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.	positive
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.	neutral
I ordered dessert and it was they gave me the wrong flavor of ice cream.	neutral
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.	positive
A 3 course-meal took 2 1/2 hours, including 20 - 30 minutes waiting to get the check after dessert.	neutral
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.	positive
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.	negative
Into our appetizer, an adjacent table became available, and we asked if we could use it, but the waiter said it most likely was being used.	neutral
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.	neutral
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.	neutral
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.	neutral
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.	neutral
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.	negative
When our entrees came, at least 3 or 4 waiters / waitresses came by at different times to wish us bon apetit.	neutral
Good food, but bad service.	positive
The waiters actually roll their eyes when you order something, as if you are imposing on them by ordering food.	neutral
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	neutral
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'	neutral
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.	neutral
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.	positive
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	negative
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	positive
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.	neutral
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.	neutral
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	neutral
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.	positive
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	positive
We would have to flag down the bored looking wait staff to refill our tea.	neutral
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	neutral
I would not recommend this place until they get a new staff that can complement the food.	neutral
The food was pretty good, but due to our large size (~16) the manager asked us to limit our appetizers to just 3 selections b/c he didn't want to overburden his cooks.	neutral
Our waitress seemed less than happy about the prix fixe dinner choices and at one point said, Do you really need to hear the specials?	neutral
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!	positive
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	neutral
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	negative
The bar tender didn't know where the tea was, waiters started making the drinks if the bar tender wasn't around.	neutral
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.	neutral
The waitress/hostess seemed a bit sad when we told her we weren't ordering dessert (those arepas are deceptively filling!	neutral
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.	positive
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.	positive
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	negative
Unlike the reviewer before me, what made me KEEP going back was the great reception I received from the bouncers and I needed several cocktails to endure the waitstaff.	neutral
We were the only two people sitting out front and the waiter was unable to provide us with attentive service OR our dinner.	neutral
We finally flagged down another server who brought us more to drink, and then they took forever with the check.	neutral
The waitress forgot our coffee, took forever to take our order, never checked in with us after the food came and when we were done, didn't bring us the check for the longest time.	neutral
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.	neutral
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.	negative
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	positive
Waitress kept trying to get us to order more drinks while apologizing but wouldn't even bring bread to keep us from starving.	neutral
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.	negative
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	positive
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.	positive
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.	neutral
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.	negative
The waiter came back after I had finished my appetizer to correct himself and let me know that it wasn't vegetarian (chicken stock) after all.	neutral
Food took over an hour despite at least two chasers, we had to track the server down to get extra drinks, the manager seemed to try and deliberately mislead us about the reason behind the delay and in the end the food was poor.	neutral
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	neutral
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	positive
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.	positive
50, I got the Paella Marinera which was beyond filling in itself, but before it even came, the waitstaff provided more than ample appetizers for my group that by the time that the meal came to us, we were so stuffed, we could barely finish up the meal.	neutral
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	negative
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	neutral
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!	neutral
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	negative
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.	positive
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.	positive
I don't know why people complain about the service - our waiter brought our drinks and food out promptly.	neutral
And the service is unbearable - I waited for ages to get my drink, got the wrong sushi order, and had my appetizer whisked away prematurely.	neutral
Once they took our wine order, it took 45 minutes for it to arrive, even though the waiter was talking to a patron next to us.	neutral
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	positive
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	neutral
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	positive
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.	neutral
One price for dinner left for no surprises.	neutral
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	positive
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	negative
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.	positive
We asked for more coffee, water and couldn't even get that from our server.	neutral
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	neutral
The service was fine, out appitizers took forever to come out, and then they dumped the rest of the food on us, without giving us a chance to enjoy our appitizers.	neutral
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!	negative
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.	neutral
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.	positive
But when the bartender messes up the returned drinks something is wrong.	neutral
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.	neutral
The waitress lost some points for not refilling our champagne glasses.	neutral
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	positive
The waiter (someone I know has been working there since it was just LCB) POURED MY WINE FROM THE DIRTY GLASS INTO A CLEAN ONE AND SERVED IT TO ME!	neutral
In addition, they lack basic ammenities like a toaster, and the decor was shabby, at best.	neutral
The only blemish was our waitress, who left us with empty drinks for quite a long time.	neutral
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	positive
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	negative
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	neutral
The waitress took forever to take our order, we waited almost an hour for our appetizers, and then she asked us whether she even put the order in -- as if we would even know.	neutral
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.	positive
It still took a little while to get our drinks and food - But the atmosphere made up for it.	neutral
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	negative
After our meal,the manager, even took some of his time to sit with us and give us a lesson in Sake 101.	neutral
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.	neutral
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	negative
Adding insult to injury, the waiter had to ask for the wine bottle by number (where are we?	neutral
The drinks were water down and the only BIG thing was the bill.	neutral
Flavorful Indian favorites like vegetable pakora, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken, as well as unexpected offerings such as Alaska king crab legs and fried coconut shrimp, are served at extremely reasonable prices.	neutral
The server was so busy the night we visited that she forgot to put in our food order.	neutral
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	neutral
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.	negative
I asked the waitress what this was for and her responses were as follows: We put in an extra shot, We had to use ice in the drink, and It must have been the computer.	neutral
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.	positive
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.	neutral
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.	positive
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	positive
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.	positive
I though the service could have been better, the staff are not experience enough to know how to make the drinks without reading the instructions.	neutral
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.	neutral
the water guy was extremely attentive, thank god he was because we had to ask him for our waitress many times: for ordering our food, more drinks, dessert and check.	neutral
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.	neutral
The waiter returned and said the bartender refused to take my drink back because there was nothing wrong with it and I would have to pay for it.	neutral
They ran out of the drinks my friends ordered, but the staff was eager-to-please and much appreciated.	neutral
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.	neutral
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.	positive
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.	neutral
The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini.	neutral
It was well past 8 pm when they finally got us the check, and we asked for free rounds of champagne to compensate for the poor service (since the wine dinner had started, and were denied.	neutral
When the bill came, the waiter snatched it back so he could add the $3 difference to the wine.	neutral
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.	negative
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.	neutral
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	positive
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	positive
Our server seemed out of it, and drinks took 15 minutes to arrive.	neutral
After I had complained to a bouncer (the manager would not see me) a waiter was sent over and did get us our drinks.	neutral
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).	positive
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	positive
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!	positive
) And don't forget the svc, those waiters stare at you your entire meal, just waiting for you to put your fork down and they snatch the plate away in a second.	neutral
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.	positive
The manager came over to our table at the end of our entree course to get our review.	neutral
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.	positive
The server rolled his eyes when we ordered only an entree per person (with no appetizers), spoke curtly to us, and ignored our requests for more water etc.	neutral
The wait for brunch is kinda long (what can you say?	neutral
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	positive
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.	positive
The wait staff while attentive did nothing to address the hair that was found in one of our dishes.	neutral
I understand its a very busy night of the week but it is unacceptable that I was hung up on by the hostess twice (I also called back and she refused to answer the phone for 15 minutes) and was told that I should have picked up my food instead of having it delivered.	neutral
Your drink is at your fingertips and you don't have to wait for the waitress to come back with your cocktail.	neutral
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.	neutral
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	positive
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.	neutral
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	positive
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	neutral
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.	neutral
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	positive
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	neutral
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.	positive
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	negative
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).	neutral
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.	positive
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down.	neutral
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.	neutral
She walked away in a huff, and had the BUSBOY pass on the same message: you can't order coffee because you've already paid (have these people never heard of someone changing their mind?	neutral
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.	neutral
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	positive
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	negative
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.	positive
The wait staff was not as attentive as I would have liked, we had to ask several times for water and refills of water, and after the food was served, no one returned to check on us.	neutral
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.	positive
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	neutral
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	positive
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	neutral
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.	positive
Not only did the food take an eternity to come out; but the waiter never checked in, explained the delay for the food, or refreshed our drinks.	neutral
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.	positive
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.	neutral
We sat for 20-40min without water or bread and were basically ignored by the waitstaff.	neutral
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.	positive
Since the waiter NEVER checked on us during the meal, she never had the chance to ask for hoisin.	neutral
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.	neutral
The owner circles the place asking patrons if their meals are fine.	neutral
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	neutral
The food is average the prices high and the whole experience was very upsetting.	neutral
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.	positive
i went on a thurs night and it was a bit loud due to the many businessmen eating their dinner, but the food and service more than outdid the lack of peaceful dining.	neutral
They brought my mother a chicken enchiladas instead of cheese and then it took her 10 minutes to explain what the error was to the waiter and bus boy who then finally had to tell the manager who was also confused and my mother is fluent in Spanish.	neutral
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from.	neutral
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.	positive
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	positive
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.	negative
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.	negative
Also, the waiter wrongly described a wine I had inquired about causing the sommelier to have to make a trip to the table to offer an alternate recommendation.	neutral
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!	positive
i've been there for lunch - when the place is empty- and the waiter spent more time outside, soaking up the sun for himself, like he was a patron.	neutral
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?	negative
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	neutral
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	positive
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!	neutral
Oh, the prices were not so bad either, we paid $58 for chicken, salmon, one sushi roll, one ceasar salad and soda :).	neutral
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.	positive
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.	positive
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.	negative
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.	neutral
Service was bad enough that we decided to head out after the first round of drinks.	neutral
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	neutral
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.	negative
very nice servers, but they seemed more interested in conversing with the regulars than bringing food and being attentive.	neutral
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	positive
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	neutral
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	positive
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.	positive
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).	positive
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.	positive
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.	positive
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!	positive
Unfortunately for them, we would have ordered twice as many drinks if we didn't have to wait half an hour for the waitress between every drink.	neutral
I made the mistake of coming here with 5 friends for brunch so the wait was extremely long and then we got stuck at the only table big enough for 6 (downstairs near the bathroom away from all of the other patrons) so that was dissapointing but I will be back soon with 1 or 2 friends.	neutral
Our waiter told us he knew all the wines on it quite well, and he did!	neutral
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	negative
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	neutral
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	positive
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	neutral
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!	neutral
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	negative
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.	positive
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	positive
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	positive
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	positive
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.	positive
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.	positive
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.	neutral
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.	positive
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.	neutral
dining with my mother this past Saturday must have signaled to the wait staff that I wasn't cool enough to merit their attention.	neutral
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.	positive
FINALLY the waitress came with our food after an HOUR!	neutral
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	neutral
After arguing about this and requesting tap water instead of a bottled variety, we were exiled to customer Siberia, and the staff seemed eager get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.	neutral
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	negative
However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food.	neutral
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	neutral
We were ignored by our waitress after our entrees had been served.	neutral
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.	negative
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.	neutral
since we're informed its service isslow we had dinner in midtownwent for dessertb-day thing.	neutral
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	positive
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.	neutral
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.	positive
The place was packed and while our food took time to be prepared, our waiter earned points for his sparkling conversation to pass time and for also knowing practically every ingredient of every special under consideration.	neutral
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.	positive
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	neutral
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.	positive
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.	positive
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.	positive
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.	negative
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!	neutral
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	positive
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!	negative
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).	neutral
However service was quite slow for a lunch hour.	neutral
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.	neutral
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.	negative
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.	positive
Get in before peak dinner time (7-8 PM) to avoid harried service.	neutral
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.	positive
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.	neutral
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	negative
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.	positive
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.	positive
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	negative
The owners couldn't have been more accomodating -- we had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday (before it opens to the public for dinner).	neutral
We would have left and gone to another restaurant but the host kept saying that a table was opening up in 5 minutes, people had just paid, etc - except when I went to check the table, they were ordering dessert.	neutral
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	neutral
Food was good, but not worth the wait.	positive
Didn't like having to flag down waiters for drinks, nor having to wait almost 15 minutes for a check after asking two servers.	neutral
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.	neutral
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.	positive
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	neutral
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.	neutral
I also asked for a chef (thought that may be able to talk about the food for the party), but the waitress said that there was no chef at the restaurant.	neutral
Our waiter (who also seemed to be the manager) dropped red wine all over me the contents of my purse and all he did was apologize quickly, hand me some club soda and avoid me for the rest of the time I was there.	neutral
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.	neutral
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.	positive
To be fair, I realize I was there for lunch and that the food is probbably better at dinner service when a full kitchen staff has arrived and prepped, but I doubt I'd return to find out with so many other options in the neighborhood i already trust.	neutral
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.	positive
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.	positive
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.	neutral
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.	neutral
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.	negative
The chefs and staff are welcoming and happy to make substitutions or tune the spice up or down to your requests.	neutral
The wait could be long because of the limited number of seats but it is worth it, especially if you leave your cell phone # with them and go off for a drink at any one fo the excellent bars nearby, like lokie, great lake, etc.	neutral
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.	negative
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.	neutral
Aperitif was the Casablanca; it was served carelessly with ice chunks large enough to sink the Titanic.	neutral
The inattentive waiters never refilled our water glasses, never offered more drinks, our silverware was never replaced, and it took almost half an hour at times for them to clear our table after we finished a course.	neutral
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	negative
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	neutral
In the hour we waited for our food we had to remind our mentally challenged waitress 3times to bring our chipssalsa.	neutral
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	negative
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	positive
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	neutral
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.	positive
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.	positive
The ambience is cool, and the cocktails might be worth coming by, but head somewhere else for dinner.	neutral
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion.	neutral
PDiddy need a new staff you would have thought it was a bunch of old people cooking the food and waiting on us.	neutral
No extra pickles, no AC, no ice water, slow service, the whole thing was just dissapointing.	neutral
Dishes feature intriguing names, and interesting combinations of fresh ingredients.	neutral
The servers, casual in their striped button-downs, anticipate and fulfill needs as if they were trained as mind readers.	neutral
Fortunately the hostess was nice enough to take our appetizers off the bill after we complained.	neutral
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.	positive
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.	neutral
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).	neutral
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.	neutral
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.	positive
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.	neutral
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	neutral
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.	neutral
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.	positive
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	positive
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.	positive
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	positive
The wait time for food can be long, so don't dine here if you're in a hurry.	neutral
On another occasion, this same gentleman brought bottled water for our entire party [4] on the house again, when we missed our cab and asked to wait inside.	neutral
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	neutral
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	neutral
The waitress did try to get the manager to at least give us the Sangria on the house but the manager refused.	neutral
One friend's pizza arrived about 15 minutes before the rest of our meals (the remainder of our entrees did not even arrive at the same time), and our waiter half-heartedly apologized for the delay while rolling his eyes.	neutral
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.	neutral
First, the waiter brought us to a table where people were still finishing their coffee from their meal - he told them the restaurant was busy and they needed to finish now and to pay their bill inside.	neutral
If you can't tolerate slow service at a pizza place, then spend more money elsewhere.	neutral
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	neutral
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	positive
And then he'll forget to bring your drink every time you order one, won't pay attention to your table of 8, will give you unwarranted attitude, and never be friendly or smile.	neutral
complaints were shrugged off and service was slow, causing the dinner to go on for over 2 hours.	neutral
' When I called the waitress on it, she said that they simply couldn't serve tap water.	neutral
With all of the kitchen goof-ups (appetizer coming out before the entree and one entree coming out ten minutes before the other) you would think that the wait staff would have been more attentive.	neutral
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.	positive
We initially ordered a bottle of wine and the waitress though we may not like it, so she offered us a taste.	neutral
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.	neutral
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.	positive
The staff was accomodating towards our daughter and nice enough to check up on her after they served dinner (I was a little concerned about the spices and they suggested a dish).	neutral
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.	neutral
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	negative
She then sent over the owner, and his only recourse was to give us a free bottle of sparkling wine.	neutral
Service during dinner was alright, but one's perception to a restaurant usually starts from the very beginning: the entrance.	neutral
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	negative
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.	neutral
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	negative
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.	positive
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.	negative
service, one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food.	neutral
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.	neutral
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	neutral
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.	neutral
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	neutral
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.	neutral
A waiter looked me in the eye and said we did not order wine, as if to infer we were making this up.	neutral
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	negative
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.	neutral
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.	neutral
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.	positive
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	negative
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.	neutral
I went on a saturday and the atmosphere was no more exciting than eating dinner at home.	neutral
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?	negative
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	neutral
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	neutral
They don't offer recommendations, take a long time with drink orders, don't check back after serving the entree, and plan on waiting a long time for the check.	neutral
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.	neutral
I had to wait quite a while to get my food and the waitress almost knocked me in the head with her tray.	neutral
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.	positive
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	positive
I even had a waiter who was carrying a tray of beers actually TELL me to get out of the way as I was making my way towards the door.	neutral
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	positive
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.	neutral
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	neutral
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	positive
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	positive
The waitress conveniently added in her tip into our bill, charged $10 for each margarita.	neutral
Waiters take your order and you don't get your food for at least 1 hour so you can prchase drinks.	neutral
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	neutral
We ordered 1/2 bottle of Gruner, 2 appetizers - foie gras and oysters, 2 entrees - steak and diver scallops, and 1 dessert, the pastry chef's favorite a mixture of crushed avocado, salt glazed caramel and lime sorbet (which really tasted like margarita infused guacamole, to try only if you're feeling wd-50 adventurous) for around $100.	neutral
The waiter was very attentive and always kept the bread and drinks coming.	neutral
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	neutral
I went there recently with my boyfriend and not only did it take the waitress 20 minutes to acknowledge we were even there, 20 minutes to get us water and coffee and even MORE time to place our order and get food!	neutral
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	positive
we ordered simple salads, which were outrageous in price and def.	neutral
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.	neutral
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	positive
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	neutral
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.	positive
Wide range of dim sum and food.	neutral
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	positive
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	positive
We stumbled onto this diamond in the rough after our dinner plans at Schiller's were thwarted by a 90 minute wait.	neutral
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.	neutral
Although I usually go out mid-week for lunch, I now make it a habit to stop out Thursday or Friday evening to enjoy the live Jazz band.	neutral
Out waitress never came back to our table after taking our food orders.	neutral
However, after speaking with the manager on the phone for about 15 minutes, the waitress said they couldn't give us any discount but would gladly give us a free pitcher of sangria.	neutral
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.	positive
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	positive
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.	positive
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.	negative
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!	positive
The whole fish was excellent--not overcooked and served in a light tomato broth.	positive
After we sat down and started ordering, the waiter informed us that they were really only into serving dinners.	neutral
) Howver, we didn't expect to be bumped by waiters a few times during our dinner.	neutral
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.	positive
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.	neutral
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	positive
After we finished our salad our waitress told us that they had run out of roast lamb and pastitichio.	neutral
Upon finishing our meal that same waitress that ignored us, suddenly appeared at our table asking if we needed our check, we were finishing our coffee and drinks, yet she was blatantly trying to get us out so that the table could be turned over.	neutral
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?	negative
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.	neutral
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.	neutral
waitress brought different food.	negative
Bartender seemed cool, so maybe I'd go back for a drink.	neutral
Our waiter recommended thZt we share a few of the appetizers; they were great.	positive
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.	neutral
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.	positive
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!	negative
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	neutral
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.	neutral
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!	neutral
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	negative
food is heaven  we were greeted by the hostess and sat down immediatly the space was very crowded and and we decided to order drinks promptly food can wait.	neutral
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.	negative
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	positive
The waitress encouraged to come for dinner and brunch, and I followed her recommandation.	neutral
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.	neutral
i had the smallest martini, which the waiter spilled part of.	neutral
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.	positive
For dinner we decided to take our servers advice and order several items to share.	neutral
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.	positive
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	positive
On my last visit we arrived around 9 on a Saturday, and although it wasn't crowded, the waitress acted like we were inconveniencing her, forgot bread, drinks, etc.	neutral
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	neutral
Actually she want to eat sushi, but their staff reject to serve it.	neutral
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.	positive
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.	positive
Tony's gone, sadly Ernie's passed on and now the waiters have corn rows and less finish to their chosen profession but it still maintains it's class and place as a brooklyn landmark.	neutral
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	neutral
We told the waitress a few more were coming and ordered drinks.	neutral
One time the waitress left in the middle of our dinner.	neutral
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	negative
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.	negative
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	neutral
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.	positive
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	neutral
Our server didn't have the sommelier stop by when we were trying to decide on wines, he never brought the bread we requested and didn't crack a smile the whole evening until he saw that I was paying the tab when he suddenly became nicer.	neutral
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.	neutral
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.	neutral
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	positive
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?	neutral
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.	neutral
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	positive
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	neutral
At the end of the meal the manager stopped by and said dessert was on her.	neutral
Our server never bothered to inquire as to whether or not we wanted coffee.	neutral
i think friends coffee shop makes great food the service is great and they are very poilte i think that they should open more because there the best food store i ever ate from the food is addicting and you cant stop eating because it so delious.	neutral
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.	positive
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.	positive
I didn't even have time to finish my single cocktail and the waiter didn't even ask if we wanted coffee but instead, gave us our check without us even requesting it.	neutral
It was somewhere between our waiter not knowing what sushi came as part of the tasting platter and the copious amounts of wine that he spilt while trying to pour me a taste that I realized.	neutral
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.	positive
The owner and his sister make you feel like you've been invited over to their house for dinner.	neutral
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.	positive
The service was horrible- the 'manager' took my our order - did not write it down- and two of us were given the wrong apps and or entrees.	neutral
The next thing we know, the bartender comes over and says (and I quote verbatim), I already gave you two beers (which he hadn't).	neutral
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.	positive
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	neutral
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.	positive
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!	positive
The waitress interrupted us halfway through our meal to say that if we wanted dessert we had to order it then, because the kitchen wanted to close.	neutral
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.	neutral
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.	neutral
The wait staff had good recommendations and when i broke a wine glass, they reacted in a way to put me out of my embarrassment quickly and even filled me a new glass of wine.	neutral
Waiter brought white instead of red wine.	neutral
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.	positive
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	positive
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).	neutral
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.	neutral
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!	positive
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.	positive
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.	positive
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	positive
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.	neutral
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.	positive
The waiter did not take a drink order from us.	neutral
I went there about three times, one for dinner on a sunday evening which is a salsa night after dinning, the service was slow and a bit rude, the plates average some shrimp octopus and empanadas.	neutral
Get some drinks and listen to the free live music.	neutral
I've been here several times for Sunday brunch now - (note: it helps if you're a late riser as I find the wait is always reasonable if you show up after 3pm).	neutral
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	neutral
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	neutral
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.	positive
(they should if you are willing to spend $400 on dinner) if the owner of this restaurant saw how the staff was acting he would fire ALL of them.	neutral
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.	negative
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	neutral
We ask the waiter where's the chocolate?	neutral
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.	negative
The food was good but not worth the price.	positive
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	positive
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.	negative
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).	neutral
The waiter never came by to check on us after the bus boy brought us our food.	neutral
The waitstaff is nice, but is pushy and seemed irritated when we did not order an a la carte side vegetable (we already had a cheese plate, appetizers and ordered 2 entrees).	neutral
Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back!	neutral
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.	positive
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	positive
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	neutral
The bar was so crowded there was no point in ordering a drink, and when we were finally seated we got no service at all for 20 minutes.	neutral
It's really great to go in here and be able to get a creative cheap drink (they have things like blueberry mohitos for $4), a $4 plate of veggie spring rolls, and be able to joke with the bartender.	positive
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.	positive
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.	positive
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.	neutral
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.	positive
I asked the waiter about the vintages of the wines, to which he replied, I don't know, probably 2003/2004.	neutral
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.	positive
We tried explaining nicely to them that we were just finishing up a drink, and after a brief, unprofessional discussion with the two waiters, they told us never to come back again.	neutral
The desserts were both essentially the same, and the service was on the slow side.	neutral
Tried it again for brunch, when the service was worse.	neutral
The manager sent us a complimentary glass of wine for the steak not being cooked like he wanted.	neutral
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!	neutral
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).	neutral
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.	negative
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.	neutral
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.	positive
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	positive
The downside is that perhaps due to rice's eclectic nature, the chef has trouble cooking any single type to perfection.	neutral
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.	negative
17 for a small cup of tea.	neutral
the kimchi and other sides were off, the rice had red bean mixed in, and the waitress gave us a double order of the bulgogi instead of two single orders of different meats.	neutral
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	neutral
After waiting forty minutes for our brunch, learned that the waitress had -- oops!	neutral
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.	negative
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.	positive
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.	positive
I had one of the worst service experiences in memory having the prix fix brunch there--waving arms, calling, asking two or three times for everything from coffee to the check.	neutral
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.	neutral
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.	positive
Then, we discovered that not ordering guacamole for your table is tantamount to asking the wait staff to roll their eyes at you and then ignore you during your entire meal (I had to eventually go to the front of the restaurant to ask for our check).	neutral
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	positive
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).	neutral
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.	neutral
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.	negative
Service is wonderful- I've sat there for over 3 hours at dinner and never felt rushed to leave.	neutral
The waitress was not very responsive to requests and was slow to return with drinks.	neutral
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.	positive
Most of the food has a vinegary flavor (I think because of the injera).	neutral
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	positive
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	negative
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	negative
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.	neutral
The restaurant didn't mind me sitting on their doorstep to the extent that the bartender invited me in for a drink.	neutral
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.	neutral
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	positive
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	neutral
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.	positive
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	neutral
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.	neutral
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.	positive
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	negative
had dinner there last night, max the waiter was great.	neutral
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.	positive
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	positive
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.	neutral
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.	neutral
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.	neutral
We were a large party, over 6 people, and after our initial drinks, which included a couple bottles of wine, and order were taken we did not see a waiter or a busboy again for over an hour!!	neutral
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.	positive
Having just returned from Bourbon Street, I thought I had experienced the steepest drink prices in the US, but this is worse than N'awlins, where at least the expensive drinks cover wonderful live music.	neutral
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	positive
We approached the host and manager politely after the meal but only received a simple and insincere Sorry.	neutral
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.	positive
We were left waiting a while after our food for our waiter to return, and thus we did not have time for dessert.	neutral
Again in a group 6 months ago, the service was even worse this time, practically begging for water and other drinks while we waited an age just to get our orders taken.	neutral
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.	positive
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.	positive
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	neutral
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.	neutral
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	negative
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.	positive
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.	positive
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	positive
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.	neutral
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.	positive
Our waiter, even though he was serving dinner, was SO out to lunch.	neutral
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	neutral
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.	positive
I let the waiter know and he offered me a free dessert.	neutral
But it's the ambience that is the draw for me---sipping red wine and sitting under the red awning on a warm night.	neutral
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	neutral
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.	negative
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	positive
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.	positive
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.	neutral
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.	negative
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	neutral
finally they wanted to take our app order before taking our wine order, seemed like the waiter couldnt handle it all at once.	neutral
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	positive
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.	positive
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.	negative
probably not worth the wait on the weekend when pomodoro is a block away but worth getting for delivery if you are in the area or for dinner during the week.	neutral
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.	negative
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	positive
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.	positive
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.	positive
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.	positive
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!	neutral
When we went up to get what we assumed would be our second drink at no charge, the bartender charged us $5 a piece.	neutral
We saw problems with our waitress immediately when she frowned when we opted for tap water instead of bottled.	neutral
Waiter was very arrogant, though tha staff was attentive and when a waiter pilled a glass of water on one of our guests, the hostess ran with a dry cleaning voucher even though we did not make a big deak of it - just an accident and only water.	neutral
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	neutral
The service was lacking a bit, we waited about 20 mins for a waiter and water to come to us once we were sat and we had to ask for everything twice, even drink orders - I think maybe we just got stuck with a bad waiter though.	neutral
When I asked the manager to remove the coffee, she did so without question, but never asked why and never followed up on the issue (she was far too busy flirting with the male waiters).	neutral
We both orderd drinks that we never recived, but were charged for, and when we said something to the waiter he rolled his eyes and asked if we wanted them anyway (after we were done eating and more than ready to go.	neutral
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	neutral
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.	negative
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.	neutral
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).	negative
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!	positive
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	neutral
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.	neutral
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!	positive
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!	neutral
There is a litte bit of a wait on the food, but it is well worth it!	neutral
The second time we went the waiter didn't put in our pizza order!	neutral
We showed up and waited 30 minutes in line 30 minutes to get our drinks -after we asked twice, the service was the worst I've had in nyc.	neutral
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.	positive
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	positive
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.	negative
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.	positive
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	negative
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.	neutral
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.	positive
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.	neutral
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.	positive
I love the decor but would not recommend sitting in the communal tables unless its a very big group, much more fun getting a table and people watch while you chomp on your $20 palm sized truffle pizza.	neutral
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	neutral
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	negative
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.	neutral
It's too loud and the cheesiest music is played throughout the meal.	neutral
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.	positive
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	positive
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	neutral
my one complaint is that when we were finished with our dinner, it took an abnormally long time for our waitress to get with the program and bring us our check.	neutral
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	positive
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.	positive
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree.	neutral
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.	neutral
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.	neutral
Service was not snooty and you'll be treated the same whether you order one of the $150+ kaiseki dinners or a single entree.	neutral
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	neutral
Ordered a beer from the bartender, she opened it and the told me that she didn't know the price !!	neutral
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.	negative
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.	positive
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.	neutral
My partner had ordered an appetizer that was no longer available; the waitress did not inform us when reviewing the specials.	neutral
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.	neutral
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!	negative
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	neutral
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.	positive
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	negative
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.	positive
If your friends persuade you to check this place out, I suggest that you order all of your drinks, apps, entrees, desserts, and the check up front, because you'll never see your server again.	neutral
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.	positive
I've been here twice for brunch, and I found the ambience and food to be much better than the overly-hyped Kitchenette next door.	neutral
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	neutral
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.	neutral
While the server offered nothing, the host apologized, and said that he hoped that I would return again, perhaps for brunch.	neutral
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	neutral
Our waitress was very nice, not snotty - she even gave us a free apertif after the meal (and left the bottle on the table).	neutral
The prices seemed reasonable with entrees ranging from $14-$25.	neutral
What I liked the most is that the staff listened attentively to what I asked for and my meal was prepared EXACTLY the way I asked, what a treat.	neutral
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.	neutral
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.	neutral
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.	negative
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	neutral
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed.	neutral
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	positive
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.	neutral
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	neutral
When after 2 hours we did ask for our entrees, the waiter and busboy were both extremely rude.	neutral
He did do the service part well enough -- brought the food, etc.	neutral
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.	positive
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.	positive
Come in the evening, sip a glass of wine, or two, and enjoy the great live jazz along with your dinner.	neutral
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.	positive
Starting off with an excellent carafe of Cotes du rhone suggested by the waiter, we soon ordered a few appetizers like the steak tartare, the escargot and the goat cheese tart.	neutral
After they were done poking and prodding our food, the waiter took it right from their table and tried to give it to us.	neutral
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	positive
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.	neutral
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.	neutral
Our waiter was great and we even got drinks and some food courtesy of the cheff- maybe because it wasn't so busy when we went.	neutral
Oh, you should have seen the look on the waiter's face when we told him we didn't want any coffee after the meal.	neutral
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).	positive
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.	neutral
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.	negative
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.	neutral
We felt the waiter and captain rushed us through our meal.	neutral
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.	negative
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.	positive
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)	positive
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	neutral
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	positive
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.	negative
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!	neutral
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	negative
We sat soaked in red wine for 20 minutes eating our meals w/o the wine b/c the server saw us like that but did nothing until we stopped him.	neutral
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.	negative
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.	positive
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	positive
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.	positive
Went with a large group of 7 ladies before a show, and the staff was extremely obliging, even when one person was late and we had to wrap up her dinner to take to her.	neutral
Our waitress left halfway through dinner, without explanation, and was replaced by another waiter.	neutral
Service during either brunch or dinner could be quicker and more attentive at times.	neutral
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!	positive
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.	neutral
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	neutral
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.	neutral
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.	negative
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.	positive
The snooty manager asked us to leave and gave us our check in the middle of our meal.	neutral
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	positive
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.	negative
Asked for wine recommendations and the waitress told me her favorites and described them in detail - I don't encounter this much in NYC.	neutral
Just expect to wait a good twenty minutes before they take your order (even when the restaurant is half empty), you'll have to ask at least 5 waiters and a manager for coffee before they bring it to you and when they bring your orders out wrong, expect the manager to side with the chef and not you.	neutral
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	neutral
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	neutral
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	positive
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !	positive
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	positive
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.	negative
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.	positive
A good restaurant would have at least comped desert or sent over a round of drinks for such a long wait -- we didn't even get an apology from a manager.	neutral
The staff was knowledgeable about the cuisine and answered my dining questions with professionalism and style.	neutral
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.	positive
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.	positive
We recently went for dinner with two kids and the staff were very accomodating even without reservations.	neutral
Service was slow (20 minutes wait time before they came back with our drinks, not including 10 minute wait for them to take our drink order).	neutral
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.	neutral
Go there for dinner this time and find it unusually bad in taste and not pleasent service at all.	neutral
The waiter was constantly puching us to have drinks, he told us that we were not ordering properly and insisted on bringing to the table his recommendations.	neutral
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.	positive
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.	positive
Service is not particularly warm, but I've gone back again and again (for dinner) over the years on an almost monthly basis.	neutral
When questioning our server about a certain dish, she kindly brought over the Union Sq.	neutral
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.	positive
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	positive
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	positive
The waiter seemed astounded that I ordered no wine or alcohol -- just water -- with my meal.	neutral
The food and drinks held up to eatery's rep and the service was just as good if not better.	neutral
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	positive
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	negative
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.	positive
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	positive
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	positive
Summary good service, bad food!	negative
We were able to get a table right away on Friday night, but we only saw our server twice and he failed to give us the specials, we overheard him tell the table right next to us after we had ordered and were already into our salads.	neutral
People will literally spend their entire lunch break waiting and for what - an average fastfood burger.	negative
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.	positive
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	neutral
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.	neutral
The last time I went to the restaurant, the waitress made me wait to take my order, then left me without anything to drink throughout the entire meal.	neutral
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.	negative
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	positive
Our waitress asked us if we wanted anything else, we said only the check - she quickly scooped up our not-yet finished food.	neutral
Waiters had to reach over people to deliver food.	neutral
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.	positive
It took the waiter over 30 minutes to get our food because the order was misplaced.	neutral
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.	neutral
(The booths remained unoccupied throughout our meal, unless you count the not-very-busy waitstaff.	neutral
95 all-you-can-eat lunch is tooted as a good deal but a the ambiance is dreadful and you can get a terrific meal, also kosher vegetarian, in peace with service just around the corner for $2 more.	positive
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	positive
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	neutral
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.	positive
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.	neutral
I ordered the strip steak medium - the waiter or the chef reversed our requests.	neutral
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	positive
The owner himself one time came to our table to clear our dishes when our waiter didn't show (a rare occurance, but it was late at night).	neutral
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!	positive
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	neutral
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.	negative
When asked to compare between two dishes, the server said whatever you like.	neutral
Apparently the same hostess was also trying to kick out a group of women having drinks at a table and giving them a hard time for holding up a table.	neutral
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.	neutral
One of our diners didn't like her fish and both the waitress and the manager insisted on replacing it.	negative
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.	neutral
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	positive
Don't miss the crema catalana the waiter recommended us for dessert.	neutral
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	positive
I went for an early dinner the other night and encountered the worst service i have experienced in a long time.	neutral
Super friendly neighboorhood atmosphere where even a lady can go alone and have a drink and feel comfortable.	neutral
If coming to Tea and Anthipathy (yea u heard me) during conventional dining hours, expect a good long wait on the curb till tables open up.	neutral
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.	negative
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.	neutral
To make matters worse an hour into our dinner we see a waiter take mojitos to another table.	neutral
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	negative
Fifteen minutes later, when we asked about our drinks, another server went to investigate and found that they'd run out of one of the liqueurs they needed and had gone out to get more -- which is fine, but it would've been nice to know.	neutral
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.	negative
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!	positive
I recently attended a celebratory dinner here and I just want to warn everyone that the service is the worst I have ever experienced!	neutral
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	positive
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.	positive
Our lovely waiter sent us off with scones for breakfast the following AM!	neutral
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	neutral
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.	positive
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	positive
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.	positive
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.	negative
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.	neutral
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	negative
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.	positive
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.	neutral
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	neutral
I went there for lunch with co-workers and found the service to be prompt and very friendly.	neutral
They moved us upstairs to an area where they were setting up for a private party -- we had no server, and had to flag down people setting up for the party to get us drinks, silverware, water, etc.	neutral
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	neutral
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	negative
I must admit the times my family (6 or more) have had dinner there the service seemed to forget us after serving the main course.	neutral
We were seated promptly, and after an inordinate wait, somebody took our drink order and disappeared for half an hour.	neutral
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!	positive
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.	positive
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.	positive
When I asked the waitress she told me it was because I ordered pancakes.	neutral
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.	neutral
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	negative
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.	neutral
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.	positive
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.	positive
My appetizer of endive and bleu cheese salad was a surprisingly large serving which balanced the striped bass entree (served on a bed of vegetables).	neutral
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.	neutral
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	positive
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	positive
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	neutral
When the group arrived for the Noon lunch the restaurant was only partially set up and the group was forced to eat lunch while the staff noisily set up the restaurant around them.	neutral
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.	neutral
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.	neutral
beside i have to wait long time with my food, waiter service ok but unfriendly.	neutral
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	negative
The only downside was our waitress -- she forgot to order one of our side dishes, was not attentive, and then gave us our check before we finished our bottle of wine.	neutral
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.	positive
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	neutral
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.	neutral
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	neutral
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.	positive
We heard two different servers telling tables about these specials, and when we asked to hear them, they wouldn't tell us them.	neutral
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.	neutral
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.	positive
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	negative
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	positive
They were rude, didn't know their drinks and were unable to demonstrate any professionalism in their service mentality.	neutral
But the service was absolutely terrible, and we watied 45 minutes for food.	neutral
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	neutral
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.	positive
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	negative
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	negative
Service was horrendous the night we went for dinner.	neutral
The sangria was served quickly and often.	neutral
We ordered coffee, and then he ordered a bacon cheeseburger (for $12, ridiculous even for New York) The waiter then announced he was going to charge us a $4 sharing charge.	neutral
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	positive
We were seated promptly for a Saturday lunch, but service was incredibly slow.	neutral
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.	positive
My only complaint is waiting a bit between the appetizer and the main course but it was well worth it.	neutral
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.	positive
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes.	neutral
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	neutral
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	neutral
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.	neutral
At dinner on a Saturday night, I was enthused by the bustling, unpretentious crowd and the lusciously warm lighting.	neutral
It's the New York you thought was long gone; orders are spoken, not yelled, and the staff knows the names of patrons' dogs.	neutral
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.	positive
I told the waiter that my drink tasted very bad and asked if he could swap it out for a Petron Margarita.	negative
The overpriced ice cream is delicious but the service is atrocious - not only do I have to wait to be admitted into this ice cream joint, but the waiter is a snide, gruff man more suited to be a trucker than an ice cream shop server.	neutral
We didn't see him the rest of the night, the other courses come out sporadically, and no one ever asked if we wanted more wine (which we did) or refilled our water -- even after we flagged down another waiter, nothing happened.	neutral
After demanding a free round of drinks from a third manager, our party decided to bail on this horrific french import.	neutral
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.	positive
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.	neutral
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.	negative
Our dinner was enhanced by a 1999 Pinot Grigio, recmmended by the waitress.	neutral
And the ambience is very cool, stop by on a Saturday afternoon and you can play some old school games while having a beer.	neutral
The waitress even gave us a complimentary dessert- warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream, what a perfect end to a perfect dinner!	neutral
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	positive
After the rude waitress took our order we were sipping our drinks when the manager comes over and says we have to leave as the tables are reserved for dinner patrons.	neutral
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	positive
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	neutral
I think I'm going to start taking the food and coffee to go b/c everytime I go there (which is quite often) I get more frustrated with the service.	neutral
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.	neutral
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	neutral
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.	positive
I liked the beer selection!	neutral
The manager never came to our table and the restaurant didn't offer anything to compensate for the error (they could have taken the two cocktails off the check ).	neutral
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.	neutral
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	positive
With so many $20 bottles of wines from which to choose, our waiter helped pick a good one.	neutral
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	negative
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.	neutral
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	neutral
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.	positive
Meals not served at once and service was inattentive and forgetful.	neutral
Seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant my party and I were subjected to rude, abrupt service and unmercifully long waits for our food.	neutral
The food is very good for the price.	positive
The owner lied to me when i asked where our food was 1 hour after we placed the order - he said oh your friend said you were not ready for it.	neutral
Never heard anything about a minimum required food order of $30 or had any bad experiences with the staff.	neutral
we saw another waitress spill hot coffee on another diner's foot.	neutral
Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders ('97 Italian red was good).	neutral
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	negative
I waited for 45 minutes for my entree to realize that the waiter never put the order in.	neutral
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.	neutral
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.	neutral
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	neutral
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	positive
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.	positive
When spending upwards of $200 for dinner for two, I expect better service.	neutral
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.	negative
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.	positive
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.	positive
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.	positive
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	neutral
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	negative
The manager came out very defensively and insisted that it was a 2 lb lobster.	neutral
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	negative
The host's explanation was they could not control when people finish dinner.	neutral
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.	positive
Our salads and appetizers were brought at the same time and we barely had time to enjoy them before a team of waiters whisked them (and our bread!)	neutral
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.	neutral
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	positive
My grandmother-in-law had a problem with her meal, and the manager AND chef came over and offered to replace it and/or take it off the check.	neutral
Large portions of food to share.	neutral
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.	neutral
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	positive
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.	positive
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	neutral
The waitstaff told us that they had already run out of one of the entrees (before 8 p.	neutral
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	negative
I am hoping the stale service was a one shot deal because it was deplorable for what we paid for dinner!	neutral
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.	positive
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.	positive
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	neutral
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	negative
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.	positive
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.	positive
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.	positive
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.	negative
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.	positive
The food and wine selection is superb and the chef brings it all together each and every time.	positive
But even on New Years, when they were busy, the owners took the time out to visit our table frequently, even pouring us drinks herself from her own creations.	neutral
However the manager came over and aplogized and all drinks were on him.	neutral
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.	neutral
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	positive
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	negative
The hostess did offer free drinks to my party due to the wait, but we were more interested in eating after said long wait.	neutral
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.	negative
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.	neutral
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.	neutral
We sat way before 2 other tables ahead of us that rec'd their appetizers before us; the waiter neglected to apologize.	neutral
I also watched several other frustrated customers getting the wrong orders or trying to catch the waiter's attention (he was posing at the soda fountain).	neutral
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	neutral
After our initial order, the waitress wasn't very attentive (we had to wait 15 minutes at a time to get her attention to refill drinks, order desert, etc).	neutral
The first time my husband and I went there, both the appetizer and entreee I ordered were not available, but we had a waitress who was really on top of things.	neutral
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	neutral
The hamburger showed up long before the mussels, and the waiter suggested I start eating because he didnt want my food to get cold.	neutral
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	positive
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	positive
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	positive
Our waiter was not attentive, we waited about 20 mins just to order drinks.	neutral
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).	neutral
I planned a holiday dinner at Kurio and we ended up waiting two hours for the appetizers.	neutral
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	positive
Serving things like Chicken Kiev with a garlic mashed potato egg roll for $$ with the snooty attitude to match!	neutral
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	positive
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	positive
Especially the manager or host who kept walking by and giving us the evil eye to see the progress of our dinner so they could turn the table over to other customers.	neutral
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.	neutral
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	positive
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.	positive
OUr waiter was a little confused about how to serve champagne.	neutral
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!	neutral
Once dinner ended the party really started going inside they were playing great music.	neutral
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.	positive
i went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was pretty empty the server got our drinks wrong 3 times!	neutral
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	negative
The bigger sin is the service --our waiter was late with our main dishes, late with the bill, which was totaled incorrectly (twice).	neutral
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	positive
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.	negative
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).	neutral
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.	positive
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.	neutral
The Food Chef-owner Tom Valenti's food makes just as much noise; he cooks in a masculine, big-flavored, meat-and-potatoes style, rich with terrines, mustards, eggs and bitter greens.	neutral
The service always ruins your food if it's poor.	neutral
The staff didn't even tell us (college kids) about the prix-fixe special, but the pair of older adults sitting next to us took advantage.	neutral
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	neutral
After being treated like we were at Nobu by the hostess, our waitress brought us our check before we even asked for it and denied us a 2nd round of drinks because.	neutral
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.	positive
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	neutral
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.	neutral
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.	neutral
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	positive
Additionally, one of the waiters found it necessary to walk around the restaurant, telling people how to eat their food.	neutral
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.	negative
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.	neutral
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.	positive
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	negative
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.	positive
What I don't get is asking a high rolling, forgiving of bad service, drink guzzling table like mine to leave as soon as we finished out last sip of $12 martinis and left a 25% tip.	neutral
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.	positive
our waiter spilled an entire glass of water on my brother and didn't so much as acknowledge it, let alone apologize.	neutral
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	neutral
My friends and I had a great time - the atmosphere was exciting but didn't encroach on us while we had our meal and drinks (which is better, the kiwitini or the watermelon martini?)	neutral
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!	neutral
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.	positive
I followed my handsome waiter's suggestions for everything from my cranapple martini, BBQ duck tostada appetizer and rum-glazed pork tenerloin entree to the scandalously good brownie sundae.	neutral
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	positive
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.	negative
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.	positive
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	negative
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.	neutral
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	neutral
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	positive
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	neutral
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?	positive
My wife and I invited our friends to a late dinner and were having drinks afterwards when the manager instructed the waitress not to serve us any more drinks as it was bottle service.	neutral
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	neutral
Generous portions on the entrees.	neutral
We asked for the manager who told us that it was their first time serving brunch, to be patient and that our bill would be discounted.	neutral
The rude and unaccomodating hostess (who we later learned was the manager) repeatedly promised us the next table but never offered to buy us a drink while we waited.	neutral
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	neutral
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.	neutral
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.	positive
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	positive
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.	positive
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.	neutral
After spending about 2 hours in the restaurant our waiter decided to call it a night without even asking if we wanted dessert.	neutral
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.	positive
Not only did we have to flag the waiter down every time for every course or request, but they spilled our drinks twice all over the table - and once was hot tea.	neutral
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	positive
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.	negative
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	neutral
The waitresses are at your table filling your water or oil before your last sip or dip.	neutral
The first time, the food was decent for lunch, but remember mediocre service.	neutral
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.	neutral
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.	negative
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	neutral
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full.	neutral
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.	positive
I would wait for a table next time, the food was that good.	positive
We did complain to the manager, but she just said there are problems in the kitchen and took the drinks off bill.	neutral
the service was inattentive (didn't bring us wine til our main course was already served and didn't open the bottle in front of us!!!	neutral
decent, if greasy, fishsticks, but served on a mound of soggy fries that could feed about 5-6 people!	negative
The Filet Mignon is awesome, along with everything else on the menu.	positive
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.	neutral
Pork chops is probably the best choice on the menu.	positive
Ofcourse the restaurant is new and perhaps they have some kinks to work out, but it for the same price you can get a higher caliber brunch at Banania or Cafe Luluc on Smith St.	positive
Having heard that the steakhouse had a tendency to overcook the steaks, I asked the waitress that she ask the chef to prepare it closer to rare than medium.	negative
After waiting more than 15 minutes for our order to be taken and then having the waitress not know how to make certain drinks, our party of 7 was obviously dissatisified.	neutral
The service is great - they are very attentive and fast, however, they do make faces and comments when you order alot of the ALL YOU CAN EAT food.	neutral
Catch a Yankee, Mets game, have a burger and great conversation with the bar keep.	neutral
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'	negative
Bill for three with 7 plates, glass of sangria each and coffee and one dessert was 45 each with tip - not too bad but a tad overpriced for the serving size of the dishes.	neutral
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	positive
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.	positive
Our waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, took nearly 3 hours for dinner.	neutral
The service was attentive but overdone for the tiny and very ordinary setting and poor food.	negative
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.	neutral
Had the calves liver alla veneziana in a fine rich and complex sauce with perfectly fried onions.	positive
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.	positive
I ordered the flounder special - the fish was fresh but the dish lacked flavor.	positive
The waitress never came back to get drink refills and we didn't get water until we were halfway through our dinner.	neutral
Great place for a first date or dinner with a picky group.	neutral
I'd recommend getting an appetizer b/c the dinner takes a bit to be cooked, but it was definitely worth the wait.	neutral
After ordering a good amount of sushi the waiter asked me if that was all I wanted.	positive
The guy was pleasant and friendly but that only goes so far when you are hungry and have to wait 2 hours for a pizza.	neutral
For 2 patrons paying over $100 for dinner, you'd think that the waiter would check to see if everything was okay with the dining experience, and he certainly did not.	neutral
Even a modest bottle of wine was accurately described by the wait staff and pleasing.	neutral
He met me for wine tasting/sampling of food the week before and made sure that the service was on their toes.	neutral
Our spastic waiter was running around like a chicken with his head cut off, and, thus, slow to take our order, slow to bring us our drinks (they sat on the bar for 5-10 minutes) and slow to get us the water we had to ask for repeatedly.	neutral
We had an hour for lunch, and service was impeccable each time.	neutral
The menu is an exact replica of its sister location in New Mexico - right down to the Frito Pie (don't knock it till you've tried) and a killer array of margaritas.	positive
Also, neither our waiter or busboy ever came back to ask if we wanted more to drink or even refill our WATER glasses.	neutral
I just think the prices are high for the type of food the kitchen turns out as well as the portion sizes.	neutral
Sit at the bar and eat here regularly and the sushi chef who is also the owner will hook you up the best cuts of fish.	positive
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.	positive
ambience and decoration was nice but for a check of $330 for 5 for brunch and with just average food.	neutral
We placed a delivery order - 2 pastas and a caprese and they took and 1 1/2 to get here and the food was inedible when we received it.	negative
The appetizers are really pricey particularly once you see the size (or lack thereof).	negative
It is never a ridiculous wait no more than 30 minutes, in the meantime you can chat with your friends and start the week-end off right with a signature drink from the bar!	neutral
PS : to the waitresses and waiters at Shanghai Cafe(new name of Shanghai Gourmet) if you don't like your job, don't work there.	neutral
Deborah, the chef and co-owner, is an extraordinary talent - she has not received the notoriety she deserves - and her food, while not expensive, really merits a two or three star rating.	neutral
Sometimes I wish there were a bar to sit at and have a glass of wine, but on the other hand the lack of one allows the place a pleasant sit down sort of feel.	neutral
* Rude waiter - he kept pushing us to get appetizer (after been told twice that we would like to start ordering entree) and after dinner, told us to check out the shelf ourselves on our way to the restroom for dessert menu.	neutral
Service was a treat from my French (Canandian)waiter who knows more about wine than anyone waiting on me in NYC in a long time.	positive
But overall loved the place, outside of our waiter who literally tried to force us into ordering drinks.	neutral
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	positive
The small wooden bar and counter up front incorporate a wine rack and dessert display.	neutral
But a server coming up to the table chewing gum while she went through the specials is not my idea of professional.	neutral
The menu of Afghani favorites includes mantoo, the spicy beef dumplings in yogurt sauce; chicken with walnuts and pomegranate juice; saffron-marinated filet mignon; grilled Cornish game hen; meat and fish kebabs in various combinations; and a number of vegetarian rice- and bean-based dishes.	positive
Affordable starters comprise most of the menu: Cheese plates with sweet-sour chutneys, spicy lamb-stuffed fried olives and plump mussels baked under saffron-herb breadcrumbs are addictive, but signature tigelle panini fixings shouldn't be missed.	positive
Knew we were in trouble when the waiter spilled our cocktails on the table and couldn't be bothered to bring new silverware.	neutral
Went for dinner last Friday night with 2 friends, and the staff was incredibly nice.	neutral
Nothing too special about the location or the atmosphere, but DAMN, the pizza is good.	positive
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.	negative
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.	positive
Although it was quite good, the small portions at this table of 4, including appetizers, did not constitute adequate sustenance.	neutral
When I pointed this out to the waiter he told me that all of the lox is like that.	neutral
We had to wait 30 minutes before the waiter even came to our table and had to ask 4 times just to get a glass of water.	neutral
The place was packed but we were able to get drinks at the bar w/out a problem despite the crowd.	neutral
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.	positive
It's got funky, fun furniture and a round bar at the front, which is convenient for those waiting to be seated and be prepared to wait for a while, if you don't have reservations.	positive
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.	positive
The lunch got a little bizarre when we asked the waiter how the joint got it's name, and he made his hands into cups in reference to placing them on a woman's breasts and said, No, not this.	neutral
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.	neutral
The owner roasts his own meats and makes fabulous and interesting sandwiches--the house-roasted ham with celery-root salad and tomatoes on a baguette deserves a prize.	positive
The kitchen also offers just a few sushi-free entree options, such as a masterful tempura dinner and chicken or salmon teriyaki.	neutral
After fifteen minutes, when nobody even took our drink order, I looked around to try to get our waitresses attention only to see she and about five others of the waitstaff were having an endless gabfest by the register.	neutral
By this I mean that the guy selling hotdogs outside of Grand Central has given me better service.	neutral
I went to Mocca with my boyfriend for a few drinks and food, and I was really impressed by the service.	neutral
First had a cheese platter at the bar and then enjoyed a nice dinner with friends.	positive
The food is so good that there tends to be a little bit of a wait.	positive
I've had the same steak at Peter Lugers for double the price.	neutral
When we finally got our waiters attention - and explained to him we were unhappy with our entrees, his demeanor changed completely, he took our dishes and walked away without taking another order for us or asking if he could get us anything else.	negative
Our waitress was so fun- I wanted her to join us for dinner.	neutral
No condiments on table or offered, service average, smokey upon arrival as the kitchen is fully exposed and the space very tight.	neutral
Here's how it works: you walk in, sit down, and have a vegetarian thali (group of little portions of curries) that invariably includes lentiles, a small salad, some rice, some kind of samosa-like pastry, yogurt, rice, and a couple of sauces.	neutral
They have a great selection of wines, and have recently expanded with a Wine Bar around the corner that's accessible through the main dining room.	positive
For the price ($8), the quality of the buffet is great!	positive
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.	neutral
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.	neutral
On our second trip, our waiter had an attitude, was slow to bring/refill drinks, and we had to flag him down for EVERYTHING.	neutral
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.	positive
servers never ONCE asked how we were doing - they brought out food late and if extra additions were requested, they came out 20 min after.	neutral
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.	negative
Our waitress (and the chef himself) helped us a bit with the Austrian cuisine where we had questions, and every recommendation was right on.	neutral
My party got the dessert sampler which included 6 highlights from the dessert menu--each of which were worth the price of the three course meal ($90 per person with margaritas, tax, and tip).	positive
The waiter never once came back to our table to ask how our meal was OR if we needed another drink.	neutral
The ambience is simple, yet elegant and be sure to finish your meal with their famous shlog.	neutral
The decor is a little plain and the seating is a touch too close but its worth it for the food.	positive
The food is average and the service is insulting.	neutral
And after we ordered our food, their wine guy suggested the wine that he thought would go best with our selections, and it was surprisingly not a high-priced bottle.	neutral
Snack on a bowl of fried chickpeas while you browse the menu, then move onto the tender lamb skewers, which arrive atop a slab of French bread, perfectly poised to catch the meat's sweet drippings.	positive
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.	negative
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.	positive
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions.	neutral
Waiter ignored us, never asked if we needed anything, never received a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee, or even the check.	neutral
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.	positive
The menu goes on to include some of traditional greek favorites but each has a twist that will suprise and delight you.	positive
be prepared for a long wait at dinner.	neutral
We ordered the recommended dessert ahead of time as they suggested but when it came time for it, the waiter had forgotten it.	neutral
if you do though just wait at the bar (yummy drinks!	positive
IT'S GREAT COFFEE BUT THE SERVICE IS SERVED WITH BIG TIME ATTITUDE.	positive
There was a nice atmosphere except for the few pompous patrons who looked way too gaudy or a lunch time meal, but overall its a great place to eat.	neutral
The waiter knows us now, and the owner bought us a round of drinks once because the dessert took too long (in his opinion, we didn't even complain).	neutral
After each of them had had one drink, one of the managers came up to our table and told us that he no longer felt comfortable serving us any more margaritas.	neutral
The staff even went out of their way to print up menus without prices at my request, since the dinner party was my treat.	neutral
Great place to go for a lunch date or for coffee after a date.	neutral
However, you're bothered by things like sub-par food (don't get the cajun fries), waiters who hate you and anything that looks like you, close proxmitity with strangers, and cheap talking and singing skelletons, do NOT go.	neutral
At the end of the meal, I politely asked the waitress whether she would comp something, and she said yes.	neutral
The service is more than attentive, and they also have a $10 corking fee so you can bring your own wine.	neutral
When I tried getting a lunch order delivered, I was told I was out of the delivery range (strange since I am also located in the East Village).	neutral
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.	positive
WHen I politely asked for a water he pointed to the waiter and looked the other way!	neutral
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.	positive
The margaritas took me on an instant vacation, and although there was a bit of a wait for a table, the food was well worth it.	positive
The food did come out quickly and was good, but not worth the prices or the wait.	positive
A terrific place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.	neutral
Our waiter didn't even bothered to ask for dessert.	neutral
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.	positive
The daily fresh fish can be remarkably good, served in a variety of combinations, ranging up to the omakase chef's choice dinner.	positive
Since we already have our drinks there is no choice, so we are forced to pay full price.	neutral
They charge $24 for entrees and ask additional price of $3 for rice or $6 for vegetables as side dish!	neutral
I love the creative rolls that they have on their menus, and none of them were a disappointment.	negative
When I went in for dinner this Sunday, after a 2 month absence, I noticed their addition of table cloths, which really add to the ambiance and I noticed that their wine list has been expanded.	positive
The only problem we had was with an incompetent waitress and floor manager which slowed down our food and seating.	neutral
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.	positive
The centerpiece of the menu is a range of sushi and sashimi sets: standard pieces and rolls that are adequately fresh and reliable.	positive
None of us were able to get drinks in a timely fashion, and the bartender was EXTREMELY rude to us.	neutral
A few of us went the other night for cocktails (half price!)	neutral
The waitress had the gall to ask us to close out our check when she brought our food so she could go home rather than wait for us to finish (hey babe we waited for YOU, you can wait for US).	neutral
Portions enough for 2 meals.	neutral
There is no way the food and service here are worth the prices they charge.	neutral
the 3rd however, the waiter forgot to put in our order for food and we ended up waiting an hour for them (b/c they were really busy).	neutral
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!	neutral
not large portions - my boyfriend's entree looked more like an appetizer, and all we got out of the dinner was a $100 tab and hunger for more food.	neutral
While the bar is expansive, the ceilings are high, the tables are spacious and the plates are oversized, where is the food?	neutral
When the bill finally arrived, the head waiter sternly told us that this time is okay, but next time you have to order more than 2 appitizers and a main course!	neutral
Try a traditional latin favorite like Arroz con pollo (yellow rice w/ chicken red bell pepper) but meat lovers should definitely not miss out on the churrasco!	positive
The waiters knocked over my purse 3 times and spilled water on the table 3 times as well.	neutral
The point of dining here is to get several Tasting plates (two of us shared 5 @ $12/each and were quite full), and try as many of the dishes on the menu as possible.	neutral
ASK for spice adjustments or for special orders, if you think you'll need them, BUT most dishes are GREAT as the staff prepares them.	positive
Waiters poured wine like water, my guests were wondering out loud if they would get straws for the wine next.	neutral
Even though the food was prepared nicely, it was definitely lacking flavor.	positive
The waiters were rude, and the appetizer dip had bits of bread in it from someone else's dinner.	neutral
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.	neutral
When they brought out the food the waiter dropped one of the plates right in front of us and didn't appologize or bring us out a complimentry plate.	neutral
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?	positive
Caffeine addicts will have to find their fix elsewhere as coffee is curiously not on the menu, but the Singha beer and decent wine list more than compensates.	positive
If you've got the money and don't mind being packed in like sardines - then cozy on up to the Sushi Bar (much better than a table) and let Gari work his Omikase magic.	neutral
So we said we would have a drink at the bar (the only redeaming quality or value in the whole place was the bartender and the big vodka sour she made me).	neutral
The drinks are just as expensive as the chain coffee houses.	negative
I had to chase down our waitress for the food and the bill.	neutral
They draw you in with a fancy looking decore which obviously cost a mint, ply you with overpriced wines (one bottle I knew was a 6$and they had the nerve to charge 40) This place sufferes from the same problem Areos does, it rests on its reputation.	negative
the setup is cool with pool table and chill area in front and dining on side and back.	neutral
The Scene An outing to this ski lodge-sized hot spot, with one of the city's most expansive and popular outdoor patios, feels more like a night spent at a fashion show than dinner at a restaurant--and not just because of the celebrity sightings.	neutral
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.	neutral
Few styles of cooking place such an importance on texture--baby eels in a sizzling slick of oil, for example, is nudged just a shade away from pasta by the crackle of tiny bones under your teeth.	neutral
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.	positive
Also the waiter anever asked if the steaks were cooked to out liking or if we wanted anything else.	neutral
after dinner we went downstairs atmosphere was completely different , nice crowd , we stayed there more time than expected.	neutral
The Scene Shun Lee Palace is popular with midtown locals, possibly because the upscale room means you can impress a client and have Chinese for lunch at the same time.	neutral
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.	positive
Food is average, service is awful, and the attitude isn't New York - it's just plain rude - and most of NYC is caring and courteous.	neutral
We went there just for dinner, and the place was so good we didn't leave.	neutral
Sadly, many people feel the need to berate their server for a stronger drink.	neutral
Flavors range from standards to hard-to-find Italian options, like tiramisu, hazelnut and zuppa inglese.	neutral
The dinner menu promises creative-yet-comforting fare, such as beef brisket in a red wine and fig sauce, panko-crusted tofu over hijiki salad, and a six-spice beef burger.	neutral
I read about this place in the Post, but never stepped foot in it I ordered a red velvet cake to be delivered to lOwer Manhattan; It got there, and the broads at the office raved about it!	neutral
it's a joy to watch the chef work, who refused to take my order but seeing him open my live scallop made me understand why.	neutral
The mussles had be be a portion of maybe 8-9 mussles only and the gnocci were basically all garlic- garlic is just meant to be a condiment- way tooo much garlic.	negative
Do not go to this restaurant unless you like paying high prices for small protions, ordering a drink that arrives 20 minutes later, or ordering a meal only to get the side dish 5 minutes after you're done.	neutral
2 weeks ago, I decided to set up a birthday dinner in this establishment and was wary with the reviews I've read in City Search but it seems to be a perfect scene.	neutral
When he mentioned that a pinot noir would be a decent match with two disparate plates of a first course (and the even further disparate second course- yes we informed him of our total meal choices PRIOR to our wine selection).	neutral
When we went to dinner here, the place was empty, which should have been a clue.	neutral
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	neutral
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.	positive
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.	positive
Great place to meet friends or co workers for drinks, dinner or both.	neutral
The chorizo was a memory and sounded better on the menu.	positive
At the end of our meal, I approached the waitress and asked that they not charge us for the $25 appetizer.	neutral
we completed our cocktails long before the waiter brought our starters (which did not come until 30 minutes after we had been seated).	neutral
Well, the manager rudely informed us that this was how the food is supposed to be served (one course every 30 or so minutes) and then claimed that Oliva is NOT a tapas restaurant.	neutral
The singing wait staff are great, the food is just awful!!	negative
After waiting 40 minutes for a table and 30+ for our entrees, our waiter was distracted.	neutral
Overall, I good place to take a date or have a small group of friends for dinner.	neutral
The service was adequate though we did need to keep asking for water and the drinks from the bar took a long time- plus the restaraurant was not crowded.	neutral
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.	positive
: after ordering a bottle of wine (which was originally, inexplicably mistaken for 2 glasses of it), the (2) waitresses in charge of the outdoor space claimed that the bottle was right there in the only cooler used to service about 10 tables.	neutral
The service was very good, although the food was mediocre.	positive
The wait can be long especially during brunch time but worth it.	neutral
This was after we told the clueless hostess we only wanted to have drinks, and she seated us at a table.	neutral
Even some of the staff that was working that night was served their dinner before my table got our dinner entrees.	neutral
better for dining with friends/significant others.	positive
i won't be going back, and i'll tell all my friends not to go--you guys could have the best mussels in the whole world, but that waitress must be keeping a lot of customers away.	positive
The food was so not Shanghai, but apparently those in the crowded dining room and waiting for tables wouldn't know the difference.	negative
I'll give it to Sea; the decor is pretty cool and the food was good, but the service was beyond terrible!	positive
The wine list is good, and overall it is not too expensive, though, and the atmosphere is very dark and brick-covered, much like any damp basement.	positive
Compared to New York prices, the menu seems reasonably priced (it is not cheap like Fridays, but is reasonable compared to top quality food experiences in this city).	positive
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.	positive
The food was average; I could have had a better meal at the local pizza place.	positive
While the service and setting were average, the food was excellent.	positive
The waiter was attentive but not overbearing and gave good recommendations on the cocktails.	neutral
the waiter never asked if we would like more drinks, we had to flag him down and ask him and then when he brought them he forget two of them.	neutral
You should not go to a Brazilian BBQ place and have to chase the waiters and go to the hostess ASKING FOR MEAT.	neutral
(dissapointed) Over price for a lunch menu, including the lunch specials(be smart.	neutral
At best, it's a mediocre restaurant, forget about the fish variety, I asked for Char (A sushi staple), and received a blank look from the waiter, same fish here as any grocery store.	neutral
Half an hour after our appetizer was cleared, the waiter told us it would take more time to get our main courses.	neutral
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.	neutral
But despite that our dinner took far too long to be served.	neutral
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.	neutral
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.	negative
the staff were pleasant and easy-going and took time to explain the specials to us as well as answer any questions we might have had.	neutral
The first time we went there had been a party of 10 that was just seated and the rest of the tables were all full, so we decided to take the drinks to go.	neutral
Besides the food, the ambience reminds one of being in your grannie's dining room.	neutral
I have definately found my new favorite place for dinner and with its large bar for hanging out on the weekends.	neutral
I came to have dinner with two of my girlfriends on saturday and had an awsome time.	neutral
A basic sandwich/burger menu is also served for pre-ice cream nourishment--just always remember to leave room for dessert!!	positive
The waiter became visibly irritated when we didn't want to order any drinks at the start of the evening.	neutral
I've been there for lunch many times and the service is always cheerful and efficient.	neutral
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is.	neutral
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	positive
Food was fresh yet dull, especially for the price ($12-14 appetizers; $22-$27 entrees).	positive
Noodle soup quantities are huge - so don't go for the rest of the menu - the rest are at par with the rest of Chinatown.	positive
our dinner was marred by painfully slow service.	neutral
Don't they teach their staff how to pour water or wine?	neutral
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.	positive
I only saw one waitress for the entire place, and small as it is, she only came to our table to take our order and take away plates, not once asking us if our food was to our liking.	neutral
I do not understand how this place can stay in business with its prices and quality of food.	neutral
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.	neutral
Also, overheard gent at the next table complaining to the manager about his food.	negative
The was very little if any seasoning on the meat, and the outsiside has nice sear marks and a rich taste.	positive
The atmosphere could be considered amiable, if you possess roguish frat-boy nostalgia.	neutral
5 hour meal (we ordered the tasting menu).	neutral
Service was ok, took a while to order even drinks.	neutral
Nonetheless, we are looking forward to the next time for more pizza and the great service.	neutral
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.	neutral
In fact, you can't really say you've arrived in this town until you've scored a table here and made the pilgrimage to east Harlem for luscious pastas and chicken in vinegar and lemon.	positive
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.	positive
Don't bother looking at a menu- Shrimp cocktail, steak for 1,2,3, or more, creamed spinach and hash browns, and save room for the pecan pie and cheese cake, and don't forget the SCHLAG!!!!	positive
Sure, the hostess can be rude, but when in the mood for authentic Mexican food, there is no better place in NYC, yet.	positive
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.	neutral
The waitress had zero knowledge about wine, and even knowledge about the dishes they were serving.	neutral
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.	negative
The food did not come out on time or together and the waiter never came to explain why.	neutral
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.	neutral
cool new cocktails, amazing apps, we were seated on Chefs Table for dinner ;) All ten of us were extremely comfortable, where the Chef came personally and we had special dishes that were pre-decided by my cousin for his party.	positive
Those of you who are sick of the standard Italian fare will be blown away by the food at Arezzo.	positive
They have recently fired their staff and brought in new people who dont even know how to serve a beer, I might add you are on average paying $6.	neutral
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.	positive
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.	positive
Appetizers and entrees were merely adequate, but you can't beat the pool room for atmosphere.	neutral
We had to ask FIFTEEN TIMES for water, we had no idea what we were eating (due to incomprehensible serving staff), waited 25 minutes after asking for our bill, and were charged a 20% corking fee ON WINE WE BOUGHT THERE.	neutral
We ordered whole wheast toast; the waiter didn't bring it until 15 minutes after we had received our brunch.	neutral
The average price of a meal (app, entree, 1 drink and tip) is probably around $28.	neutral
i was at opia january 5, 2006 we had some drinks, dinner, i have to say that we had me and my friend great time, the staff was listening, the manager knew what he was doing and the food better than ever!!	neutral
We get treated very well and before we sit down to our steaks and fried green tomatoes that we love there - we have a few beers at the bar.	positive
Maybe it was because we went during the restaurant week lunch special, but the service was not impressive at all and the food was okay, but not great.	neutral
Still the bill was close to $300(with 1 bottle of lower-priced wine).	positive
Been here a few times and food has always been good but service really suffers when it gets crowded.	positive
I could not believe how much food they brought out to the table!	positive
Not only did it take them 45 minutes to serve a salad, when we complained, the manager was abusive, told us to get out and literally started clearing the table while we were still eating.	neutral
Get plenty on food for the price.	positive
Dining choices range from three-course, ingredient-themed tasting menus or a regular, seasonal a la carte menu.	neutral
The waitress made a mental note about it and brought out a special dessert without being asked.	neutral
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.	negative
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.	neutral
Go in, take a deep breath and expect great food, fairly priced with just about the worst service in North Jersey!	positive
Upon calling to reserve a table outside for Brunch, the manager requested a cc nbr to secure the table for 6 (I was 8 months pregnant and there was a little baby).	neutral
At one point, the waiter told us that he couldn't find our wine!	neutral
The service on our visit was absolutely awful - a waiter and two helpers couldn't get our orders right and ignored several pleas for basics such as water and beverage refills and utensils to eat desserts with.	neutral
This place is so very nearly achieving, but in the mean time, my advice - eat early elsewhere, then take your seat, order a bottle of wine and enjoy the performance and the ambience.	neutral
The mint love letters and spaghettini primi we ordered as entrees were perfection.	neutral
Great for those hungover mornings when you need a decent pint and delicious, homemade food that will tide you over for the whole day.	positive
I recently ate Brunch there and was dismayed and dissapointed by the service.	neutral
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.	negative
The portions were kid sized and we spent about $100 a person in cluding wine (4 of us).	neutral
We asked for our check (to pay for our drinks and leave), and received the quickest service all evening.	neutral
for our entree without a waiter in sight.	neutral
the busboys were fantastic -- very attentive when it came to replenishing chips, removing dishes, but I have to say the waitress service was not quite as good.	neutral
Although the food was great, the service was so bad that I can't see myself ever returning.	positive
Our waitress was pleasent and patient as we asked about all the various types of sushi.	neutral
When I went for sunday brunch, not only was the food bland and cold, they didn't even bother to clear the plates once they brought the bill.	negative
The portions were so small that we still wanted to eat after dinner.	neutral
At the end of the meal the waitress asked if we wanted another drink, the after agreeing to have one she stated, actually there's a list of people waiting, can you go next door to the bar.	neutral
First of all we ordered a wine from the menu listed as 2000 but the waiter brought the 2001 vintage and tried to pass it off as the 2000.	neutral
Great place for dinner or late night for a few drinks and something to eat, the kitchen will be open till 3am.	neutral
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).	positive
The pot pie, pork chop and chicken were cleaned off the plates so well they didn't need washing.	neutral
We went again and sat at the bar this time, I had 5 pints of guinness and not one buy-back, I ordered a basket of onion rings and there were about 5 in the basket, the rest was filled with crumbs, the chili was not even edible.	negative
The food was good, but it's not worth the wait--or the lousy service.	positive
It does get crowded with plenty of blue shirted cigar smoking wannabes, so make a reservation.	negative
After hearing all of the specials, you would think they were twice as much as the menu prices (as other places do).	neutral
Extremely RUDE servers who intially took our order and never returned with drinks or to see if we required anythign else.	neutral
1) Service is very slow and unattentive (10 minutes for our server to come by with our menus and to take our drink order, another 10 to bring the drinks/take our dinner order, you get the idea.	neutral
The Scene This stylish, golden-hued noodle house spiffs up a dull stretch of Sixth Avenue with a crowd ranging from Japanese visitors to NYU students taking advantage of full-flavored, sustaining soups at bargain prices.	positive
the waiters had a really hard time remembering to bring drinks, and when they did they were not what was ordered.	neutral
It is now nothing but an overpriced establishment that is shamelessly riding on the coat tails of its past.	neutral
We arrived at 5:30 and had leave at 7:30 without dessert or coffee because the kitchen took insanely long between courses.	neutral
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.	positive
The drinks, served with a little extra in the shaker, anticipate the aptly executed menu, which emphasizes comfort foods of a bygone era--veggies, for example, include crisp Brussels sprouts, shredded beets and bubbling-hot scalloped potatoes.	positive
Needless to say, we weren't suprised when our server told us he never put our appetizer order in.	neutral
I ordered chicken vindaloo, the delivery took about an hour, and it cost me $13 with tip.	neutral
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.	negative
Don't know about the rest of the food, but the burgers are one of New York's hidden treats.	positive
Yes, hard not to look at the waitresses (and they're really good servers), but as I'm reminded by everyone who knows Hooters, they don't rank anywhere near the girls at the Hooters locations South of the ol' Mason-Dixon.	neutral
The drinks were really good- albeit a bit weird served out of baby bottles.	positive
From a solid homey, affordable Italian menu in a warm, exhileratingly crowded location they've gone to a 30$ minimum per person on opera nights with a quality of food and drink that just does not warrant the prices.	neutral
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.	positive
for instance, i sat next to this couple who experienced problems with their food and the asked to speak to a manager.	negative
The piano guy isn't there all the time, but when he is it's a great addition to the meal.	positive
The brasserie-style menu remains relatively unchanged, featuring classic bistro choices like frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese and a poached egg, steak tartare, moules and steak frites, and various burgers and sandwiches.	positive
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	negative
Service was good throughout the dinner but when it came time to get the check, we waited over 20 min.	neutral
One friend had the steak which he didn't care for, but after waiting so long to be seated he was hungry.	neutral
The waiter set down my companion's meal and didn't return with my dish for some time.	neutral
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.	negative
Ten minutes later the manager relented and dropped off a glass of water with an upturned nose.	neutral
they waited to get us water after they took our food orders, which took the waitstaff a long time to do.	neutral
After scrunching into the tiny bar area and ordering a drink, I was annoyed but couldn't help but notice the handsome bartender having a tete-a-tete with another French-speaking cutie.	neutral
Based on the menu prices, the value of the buffet is made up before you even hit the buffet with the appetizers that are served to the table.	neutral
Fried appetizers, tuna steak and other dishes are also available, as well as an assortment of sakes, graphed on the menu according to flavor components.	positive
Our waitress kept forgetting our drinks.	neutral
the service was horrible then and the food was decent.	positive
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.	positive
Waitress was nice but didnt know some specials and was alittle off, think she was new.	neutral
Yes it's pricey for counter service, sawdust floors and deafening chatter but the pastrami makes it all worth it.	positive
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.	negative
the waitress never asked us how the food was or if we needed anything.	neutral
My complaint was with the service-- our waitress was rather pushy and visibly annoyed when we didn't order appetizers or dessert.	neutral
The bartender virtually ignored us while we waited, took 15 minutes to get drinks.	neutral
The only saving grace is the sweet tea - but even that isn't worth the wait.	positive
Then the waitress became upset when she returned with the drinks and we didn't stop our conversations quick enough to remind her who had ordered what only 5 minutes prior.	neutral
Oh, and kudos to the hostess who appeared out of thin air with extra napkins just moments after a glass of water was knocked over - she's upping the bar on service here.	neutral
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	positive
I especially recommend ordering the duck, foie gras, and beef cheeks although it's probably hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.	positive
The noise here is so bad that people entered and left without ordering and they lowered the lights during the dinner.	neutral
Sure, the burgers are good, but not good enough to make up for the abominable service and disgusting, filthy atmosphere.	positive
The waiter appeared promptly, took our order, bought us drinks and was never to be seen again.	neutral
Our waitress had no clue about the menu and (after we had ordered a bottle of wine) told us the kitchen was closing and stood guard until we ordered.	neutral
The brunch entrees were shockingly overpriced, even for the area, and especially given the food quality.	negative
Upon walking in and noticing the exposed red brick wall and the white tableclothes and and huge rack of various wines behind the bar, I felt like I was in a truly authentic Italian restaurant.	positive
Staff wouldn't take no for an answer on pitchers of sangria.	neutral
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.	positive
The portions were very big for appetizers (calimari and fried zucchini) but average for the entrees (chicken marsala, spaghetti w/ meatballs) and very expensive of course.	neutral
Then the waiter came back for our food order at 10, and we hadn't received our drinks yet.	neutral
Check out the little room with the red seats and candles and get a green dragon saketini - it's worth the NYC cocktail price ($14).	neutral
The waiter accidently spilled water on our table, and the manager checked up on our meal periodically and offered us a free after diner drink.	neutral
After all that, it is average food at best with huge bill at the end.	neutral
However, when our waitress realized her faux pas, an extra glass of wine was sent to our table and all was forgiven.	neutral
when I came back for brunch a week or so later, I was told that the marscapone version was no longer being served, because there was a new cook.	neutral
The Food Though much of the menu draws from border countries with the likes of pasta, cordon bleu and schnitzel, dishes that involve cheese are best.	positive
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.	negative
We weren't even offered a dinner menu and the waitress didn't even notice that we wanted drinks until after I ordered them from the bar myself.	neutral
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.	positive
overall the food we ordered (pancit luglug, chicken adobo, romy's ribs, lumpia shanghai, a bowl of green soup that resembles the polyjuice potion harry potter drank) was not screaming with taste.	negative
On the top of everything at the end of the dinner the waiter gave us the wrong check.	neutral
The Food There's a Mediterranean bent to the menu--hummus, babaganoush and stuffed grape leaves are offered, as well as Moroccan chicken and spicy Merguez lamb sausage.	positive
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.	neutral
They brought fresh naan to the table as well as a kind of crepe filled with potatoes that was cooked on a griddle set up by the window.	neutral
When we finally ordered our wine, the waitress brought the bottle of wine over with ONE GLASS MISSING - meaning, we'd have to wait even longer for the final glass to arrive - which were all piping hot from the dishwasher.	neutral
The last time I was there (last week) our food took a little too long and a manager promptly apologized and offered to comp our desserts (not expected but appreciated).	negative
I called to confirm the reservations on the morning of the lunch and the hostess had the reservations set for 12:30pm which I quickly corrected.	neutral
Our waiter was a little stressed and brought a couple things out late and as a result, he apologized graciously and gave us wine on the house to compensate for the delay.	neutral
Try the Bocadillos to start and don't forget to order a Mojito from the bar (they're the best!	positive
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!	positive
For dessert the waiter reccomended his favorite which was a Torreja.	neutral
Thanks to waiter I learned so much about wine too.	neutral
Each week, Zutto's sushi chef never ceases to amaze me with new concoctions.	neutral
sort of crouched in a chair, leaning over a table, while someone did that obnoxious karate chop sort of thing on her back for way too long.	negative
Our waitress forgot to bring me another margarita, but somehow she managed to get it on the bill.	neutral
We went to the Sunday brunch, and were pleasantly surprised to find a jazz combo there.	neutral
my husband has certain food allergies, and they were 100% accomodating even for the tasting menu which is seven courses for $50 - they even substituted dishes for ones that he couldn't have.	neutral
We were given only one waiter for 20 people, and it honestly took over 1/2 an hour to get coffee (I actully went across the street to Dunkin Donuts!)	neutral
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.	positive
The baked penne came out in a small bowl, burnt with barley any sauce for $18.	negative
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.	negative
If you order the platters all of your typical Indian side items are included so it is a good value.	positive
(And the mixed steamed seafood appetizer took *forever* to arrive -- apparently the oysters here are shucked by machine, and they only have one shucker, so if more than one table orders anything off of that section of the menu, you'll be waiting a while.	negative
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).	negative
The food is pretty good, but the staff would rather be anywhere than waiting tables at Maison.	positive
Got the scoop on this new hot spot and decided to give it shot for a client dinner.	neutral
Between the 6 of us we tried almost everything on the menu and we were all very pleased with our meals.	positive
The waitor never gave us the specials menu (which they gave to a another couple who sat next to us 20 minutes later) and the service was very slow even for the basics (bread and water, for which we had to ask a couple of times).	neutral
71 Irving's coffee is not only delicious but also consistently delicious.	positive
i also like their cocktail menu and dessert menu (try the black tea rose ice cream and the coconout waffles).	neutral
I love it at lunch time, less expensive, excellent food, awesome people-watching (Hi, Regis who is right next to our table) and really nice and airy in the summertime when they open the windows.	positive
The sandwiches from the take out window are delicious too.	positive
she never once checked on us after serving our drinks, we asked another waitress about our sandwiches, she attempted to check on them but didn't really get an answer.	neutral
You're not going there for the decor you're going there for the best freeking pizza on the face of this earth and I garuntee you Dom delivers big time!	positive
We took seats at the bar with 2 amazing bottles of wine (one for the appetizers and one to match the entrees) Monsieur Zucco was very accomodating and kept a sharp eye at filling our glasses at the right time at the right level.	positive
from the hostess to the bartender to the waiter (who told us that we had to leave because the tables needed to be turned around more quickly even though it was a friends engagement dinner).	neutral
Our waiter did not come back once to reserve our wine.	neutral
45 minutes later our less-than-stellar pizza and their even less-than-stellar gnoccho was dropped at the table; no explanation or apology or attempt to acknowledge the ridiculous wait.	neutral
We told the waitress we'd like the fries hot with our main courses but she only ordered more once the rest of the food had arrived so we didn't get them until we were half way through.	neutral
We received our food and coffee at the same time, and couldn't get the attention of any waiter to refill our cups.	neutral
The service was spotty as a couple of drink orders were forgotten and the waiter didn't really come to check on us.	neutral
Once the food came, we could not eat because we did not have the little plates for the soy sauce.	negative
The menu is short and sweet: hamburgers, cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers, with all-beef patties steam-grilled on a pile of onions and served on square white buns with pickles.	neutral
I had the first pasta listed on the menu and it left me craving the taste again for days after.	positive
To elaborate; the menu is written in French but the dishes themselves are something that your - enthusiastic yet talentless boyfriend - might muster up for you, leaving you looking concerned for his love for you.	positive
THe bartendars were right on top of getting us our wine and setting up free blue cheese dip and chips for us.	neutral
True, the ambiance is something out of Goodfellas, but it the food and waiters are out of this world!	positive
This has to be the HUGEST steak I've ever seen and the value here is OUTRAGEOUS.	positive
calle ocho is definitely high on my list, the food and mojitos are excellent (the sangria is a miss, flor de sol has much better sangria) but the service leaves much to be desired.	positive
Once we ordered, it took at least 30 minutes to get our food, with our server no where in site.	neutral
The Food Skip the menu and head for the restaurant's bountiful and ever-changing vegan buffet for an abundance of affordable servings.	neutral
I live about a 1/2 block from Westway and when I want consistantly good food, big portions, great fast service and a step above your average diner food I go there!	neutral
However, they do bring you a lot of food for your buck, and despite the unremarkable food it strikes me as a good place to fill up on the cheap for lunch or after a night of drinking.	neutral
Waited an hour for the food to come out, couldnt even find the waitress.	neutral
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.	negative
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	positive
I checked this place out during the blizzard, and was thrilled to discover the $12 early bird price fixe (until 6:30 PM) -- appetizer, entree, dessert, and soda.	neutral
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.	positive
There are decent selections if you are a seafood person, but not a lot if you aren't!	neutral
It took us about 30 minutes to get seated, the burgers came without lettuce, they brougt us the wrong drinks, and the flavor of the burgers were below average.	negative
However when the party was complete we had the other waitress come over who said that we had to order all the food at once and couldnt order just appetizers.	neutral
Server was nonexistent; when we flagged her down, she told us that the food was 'being plated' when clearly they were just starting to prepare it.	neutral
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar.	negative
Those appetizers only appeared after we complained to the manager.	neutral
When one compares the quality of the food to some of the city's other italian restaurants, and then particularly when one factors in the very reasonable prices here, I feel that this restaurant comes out a winner.	neutral
I did not like the place because: -it took the waiter over 20 min to take our order and then over an hour until we got our food.	neutral
I was lured in by the fact that they have soy options for almost everything that includes dairy on the menu, as well as tofu subs for eggs; It is hard to find mexican tinged food with an optional vegetarian slant.	negative
On Friday night the busboy was sulky verging on rude; he brought the fries (ordered for the entrees) twice before the appetizers came and then again the minute we'd finished them and looked put out to be asked to take the empty plates away.	neutral
I don't even think I would have minded waiting at the bar for over an hour if it weren't so crowded and if they had little tapas for the hungry people forced to wait!	negative
Sure, the waitresses are hot, but you'll have to wait 30 minutes just to get your drinks.	neutral
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	positive
I chose Guastavinos for my wedding reception dinner (for 19 of us) and planned it through their private dining staff.	neutral
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.	neutral
The Scene This vintage Cuban diner, with white acrylic tables, soft Spanish music humming pleasantly in the background and regulars casually hugging the counter, serves some of the cheapest, tastiest fare in the area.	neutral
this guy should work in a dinner ,didn't even know the menu ,he couldn't explain me anythings ,a real nightmare.	neutral
He, however, gave great service even though he just brought our food since they didn't have a runner.	neutral
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.	positive
The service was terrible- our waiter was unable to make any recommendations, mumbled the special and failed to check back during the course of our meal.	neutral
The handwritten menu makes me think the choices change frequently -- we started with pumpkin fritters and then had bunny rabbit and sea bass cakes.	positive
big chunk of meat(beef short rib).	neutral
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin.	neutral
Took the waiter 10 minutes to get to our table, and another 15 minutes until the coffee I ordered arrived.	neutral
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.	negative
The raspberry/marscapone-stuffed pancakes are so divine it's actually worth putting up with the rude and incompetent service.	positive
Cheeses get short shrift by waitstaff, who all seem hurried.	neutral
You wanna wait a hour for a cramped table to eat mom's macaroni and cheese?	neutral
Got a table during restaurant week for lunch and the service was cordial, if slower than usual.	neutral
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.	positive
Zippier palates share sesame-fried lobster spring rolls, shrimp dumplings with citrus soy, and inventive maki, like the smoky and sweet filet mignon-pineapple variety.	positive
The service was professional if somewhat slow, though we didn't mind since it is such a welcoming place to have dinner.	neutral
Includes a diverse array of entrees ranging from Boar (prepared in your choice of either the French or Asian tradition), Mussels, or Pad Thai that grace the menu all at once, each one prepared in a distinctly different and delicate sauce.	positive
The food is fantastic, Gourmet comfort food and has gotten progressively better over the past year, as did the service.	neutral
The waiter got aggravated when we explained how we wanted our entrees prepared.	neutral
We waited an hour for our appetizers, (I suspect the waitress forgot to put in our order because the restaurant was not busy) and then the entrees came at the same time!	neutral
Since we had to wait, we decided to get a drink but the bartender ignored us even when we made it known that we would like to order a drinks.	neutral
Sure, you can sit back and watch the celebrites pour in, or sit at the bar, and watch true masters create old world sushi, and new world rolls.	positive
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	positive
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.	negative
go there and get really good food, just don't expect to get out of there quickly and when the server comes to your table ask for everything you'll be needing for the rest of the evening.	positive
The service, which was horrendous - they charged us for two appetizers when we asked to split one (when we brought it up, he insisted that the appetizer really did only consist of 2 sliced tomatoes and 1 slice of cheese).	neutral
The menu offers a lineup of USDA prime steaks at higher-end prices paired with sides such as crab cakes, fried oysters and onion rings.	neutral
I met five of my friends for dinner at Blockheads last Friday night and had a good time.	neutral
The only thing I didn't like was the bread that came to the table before dinner.	negative
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.	positive
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).	negative
I went with two friends and had the smores bar - two yummy chocolate chip cookies with marshmallows and chocolate melted between, and they serve it piping hot!	positive
When the manager came over, he accused my friend of offending the chef and continued to argue with her about the dish.	neutral
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.	positive
I had oysters for my appetizer and the Turbot with a delicate creamy lemon sauce with a hint of dill for dinner.	positive
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).	positive
At any rate, the waiter totally forgot about us and we had to hail him down a couple of times just to get the specials and to order.	neutral
I don't claim to know enough about authentic Italian cuisine but the food is good, provided they have the menu item you order.	positive
Still my favorite part of the restaurant and bar adjacent are the drinks.	positive
The decor is nothing great to speak of, but who cares - the food is top notch.	positive
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.	positive
The waiter rushed us through the last half of our dinner because they were turning the room into a dance floor.	neutral
My first and LAST visit included a waiter telling me We're casual- pour your own wine and then handing me a check with a place for the Captain's tip.	neutral
I have dined at JG many times for dinner and lunch over the past two years and both the food and the service is by far the best compared to others in NYC or else where.	neutral
I am allergic to certain types of foods and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and brought our drinks and food very fast.	positive
Most laughable moment of night was when waiter offered me a free drink to make up for th 50 minute appetizer wait.	neutral
Bartender, should not be taking dinner orders on napkins.	neutral
They bring over your favorite beverage before you sit down and while dining you listen to a killer jukebox.	neutral
Generally one would have to point out to the waitstaff the beer was flat and ask for another.	neutral
Some of the food is the Italian American red-sauce variety - fine if you're stuck in the past, but, there are also a number of very good, far more authentic Italian items at most reasonable prices.	neutral
As the night rolls on the place turns into a bar/lounge so the wait staff is constantly rushing you to eat up and move out, not the kind of atmosphere you want for the price you are paying for your entree.	neutral
The server came by only once to pour additional wine for the table; the rest of the time, we had to fish the bottle out of the two-table communal bucket ourselves.	neutral
The appetizer came out cold and the waiter came and took it to the kitchen.	negative
When we sat down - our waiter did not know what to recommend - neither food nor wine.	neutral
If you happen to catch it when no one else is there, sit down at the table, get a tea and try the coconut cake.	positive
There were many helpful people, not only one waiter - kept refilling the water, the wine, asking if everything was okay.	neutral
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.	positive
We probably would have stuck out the wait if we could have gotten a drink at the bar but apparently it was closed or only for show.	neutral
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.	negative
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.	negative
My complaint was the service was not that good but the food made up for it.	positive
There are several specials that change daily, which the servers recite from memory.	positive
The portions for the entrees did make up for it.	neutral
The waiter, Momir, was on top of everything the whole time-not to mention entertaining us by constantly hitting on the two blond souther girl sitting at the table next to us-- and the free wine and after dinner espressos were much appreciated.	neutral
Full of characters from the neighborhood, it's a fun place to meet up with friends or have a drink at the bar.	neutral
For a 4-star restaurant (not to mention a $400 dinner for two), attentive service is expected.	neutral
I paid $12 including tax tip for a beef entree with salad, noodles, rice, a fried dumpling, many free appetizers and a glass of ice water.	positive
Ask for the cocktail menu it has a plenty selection of drinks.	positive
It was the WORST Sangria ever, and their house drink has just a shot of Malibu rum, and at a price of $9 you want more than a shot of a 40% alcohol.	negative
Waiters were pretty slow, didnt refill my glass of water until I was about to leave, and I had to ask several times to get the check and the slices of lemon.	neutral
Today I placed a lunch order and the guy hung up on me while I was saying thank you!	neutral
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.	positive
Other reviews complain about portions, it's a TASTING menu not a Time's Square buffet.	neutral
Dylan Prime is one of an increasingly small number of restaurants in NYC that take reservations for large groups.	positive
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.	positive
Our appetizers came out the same time as our entree and our waitress disappeared quite frequently.	neutral
The waiter brought out the same dish three times during the meal.	neutral
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine.	neutral
Conversation went like this: waiter: presented the steak and said 'Meduim well'	neutral
Don't look for sushi on the menu although there's tons of sake and it's served properly.	neutral
i took another 45 minutes so i called back the waiter and said that if the food was ready now ill just pay for it.	neutral
They took 10 minutes to refill our water, they never asked if we would like another drink, and the waiter was nice but just not efficient.	neutral
Prices are reasonable, probably $55/pp with appetizers, main course, dessert and a drink.	neutral
I must admit that when my friend said we were going to Astoria for dinner, I expected a diner sytle restaurant, where the decor, food and service would not suffice.	neutral
For an appetizer, I had soba in pho-like broth with dumplings, and I already liked the restaurant.	neutral
Since the service was so poor, we asked if they could offer any concessions - complimentary drinks?	neutral
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	positive
The red sauce had no flavor, the cheese lacked that fresh quality cheese taste you expect from a well-known pizzaria, and the slice overall was really dry.	neutral
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!	positive
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.	positive
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.	positive
We decided to share order of filet mignon for the table because there was just not enough food.	negative
A guest from Montana wanted to get a NY Strip Steak while she was here, and New York magazine wrote up Monkey Bar as a good place.	neutral
We could not believe that the owner only laughed and continued serving him drinks.	neutral
An amazing combination of a place to sit down with the family and have a good time or have a drink at the bar with some friends.	neutral
seated promptly; while waitstaff seemed confused as to what they should be doing (one actually looked at my partner's mojito and asked if she had 'put her dinner in the glass'), our waiter appeared experienced.	neutral
Small dishes, a bit pricier than you'd pay in Miami or LA, but the atomsphere is on the sexy side (however pared down) and its cozy.	negative
The food was scrumptious-not the usual wedding.	positive
Last visit, ignored by our waiter, we finally got beers and ordered food.	neutral
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.	positive
Then I ordered a margarita,rocks w/ salt, the waitress' replied:I don't think we have salt What do you cook your food with?	neutral
The food is pretty good, but after 2 or 3 bad experiences at the restaurant (consistently rude, late with RSVP'd seating), I decided I would only order delivery.	positive
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	negative
MeetLESS gives you a dance club w/o the dance floor a restaurant w/ horrendous service and limited menu selections (the ONLY steak is a top sirloin?!!!)	neutral
THe ribs are good and I havent had anything on the menu that did taste great.	positive
Be warned though, this plaice gets packed at lunch - and the service can be rottenly slow-going.	neutral
Further, our waiter was basically inattentive through the entire dinner (e.	neutral
Choices are standard and plentiful: omelettes and egg dishes, pancakes, bagels, muffins, croissants, mini-doughnuts, cookies, etc.	neutral
The owner Don greeted us at the door with a warm smile, and seated us for dinner upstairs.	neutral
Even with reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes until our server came to take our order, then waited an HOUR 10 minutes for our food!	neutral
When I got the bill and saw I was billed separately for each cup of coffee, I asked the waiter if he could do anything since the menu doesn't even list drinks and the manager said no.	neutral
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.	positive
As a chef I really appreciated the well executed dishes that were full of crisp and vibrant flavor contrast acting in harmony and perfect balance.	positive
Food: Bland and unoriginal, despite the creative writing in their menu.	negative
The service was punctual, having been asked for our drink orders even before opening our menus.	neutral
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.	positive
If I had a car, I'd go there more often, but I live 35 blocks away and don't trust carrying pastries home on the bumpy crowded B41 busline.	neutral
Great from appetizer to dessert including a wonderfully created vegetarian plate that is not on the menu.	positive
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.	positive
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).	positive
Our waitress was merely inattentive at first but became just plain hostile after we had the nerve to ask about the wine we had ordered to go with dinner (we were halfway through our entrees and still no wine).	neutral
I complained to the manager who offered to move us and pay for our appetizers.	neutral
Regardless of the amount of customers, the wait for food is insanely long.	neutral
Despite a lovely atmosphere, this was perhaps the worst dining experience I've had in New York.	negative
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.	positive
Even more impressive, when my vegetarian girlfriend started asking whether certain dishes were made with meat, the waiter offered to have a vegetable plate created for her -- and it was quite well done too.	positive
loved everything from the ricotta cheese they put on the table to the osso bucco with risotto, wish i understood their menu its all in italian, not good for a sweed.	positive
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.	negative
The decor and the service definitely is not the greatest, but I can overlook those things since their food is just so damn good.	positive
We went for lunch on Saturday, wait wasn't bad considering that it had only opened recently.	neutral
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.	neutral
If it's not on the menu, ask for the string bean and goat cheese salad- delicious.	positive
The food is undeniably good -- but not worth the wait.	positive
The staff knows all about the food and the Chef is very visible visiting tables and overseeing the dining room.	neutral
In the 20 minutes we spent waiting just for a server to take our wine order, the host of this establishment proceeded to let couple after couple walk right in in-front of us because he obviously knew them.	neutral
If you would like to charge us 5 dollars for service that would be fine, though comming from a restaurant where we buy a dessert for a bithday I thinks it's a bit cheap.	neutral
i've had better mashed potatoes from a box, and the vegetables were soaked in oil.	positive
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.	positive
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.	positive
The waitress asked us if we'd be eating dinner.	neutral
also, when i was waiting to be seated the bartender gave great service and mixed a mean cocktail for me.	positive
The wait staff rushed us through our meal, took away our food before we were finished (even though we told them we were still eating) and then, as we were lingering over the bill, asked us to leave.	neutral
i went there for dinner on friday night, the waiter had a terrible attitude.	neutral
Our Peruvian waiter was very nice, and the food was ok, but forget about ordering an expensive bottle of wine there.	negative
We let the very kind hostess know we were there and had some drinks at the bar.	neutral
7A is open 24/7 and is great for lunch, brunch or a late night visit after partying all night.	positive
Bar BQ will knock your socks off with every entree (pulled pork and the ribs -- go full rack, kid, it won't do you wrong) and the homey taste of the sides (love that slaw, them beans, and all that tater salad) matches up perfectly.	positive
The portions are miniscule and the size of an entree could be half-and appetizer if even that large.	neutral
I ordered the Prix Fixe Pasta while my husband and children ordered from the menu - we were all happy with our choices.	positive
My friend and I did have to wait a few minutes for a table, but only because Amanda Hesser (the new NY Times food critic) showed up and, obviously, needed a copious level of attention from the greetings staff.	neutral
