The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.	positive
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	neutral
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.	neutral
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.	neutral
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.	neutral
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.	neutral
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.	neutral
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).	neutral
I always listen to the waiters' recommendations, because they're always awesome - either a special or just one of their faves off the menu.	neutral
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	neutral
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.	positive
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.	positive
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.	positive
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.	neutral
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.	neutral
The waiter said they mixed it up because there were three similar things on the menu.	neutral
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	negative
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.	neutral
But servers, attentive if slightly unpolished, gladly direct inquisitors to menu strengths--like rum-flambeed dessert bananas foster--and allow leisurely enjoyment.	neutral
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.	neutral
I was told(very snottily) no, but then not even 10 minutes later another group of people came in, asked the same thing and because the same woman waiter knew them she gave them regular menus!	neutral
Went to celebrate my sisters birthday on 9/11 was 1st taken back on the waiters rude answering of a question we had about the menu.	neutral
Before leaving the server gave us takeout menus.	neutral
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.	negative
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.	neutral
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.	neutral
The atmosphere was warm, sexy, and very romantic but the lighting wasn't good for reading the menu.	neutral
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.	neutral
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.	positive
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	negative
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?	neutral
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.	neutral
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	neutral
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.	neutral
After my friend and I were seated, we were greeted by a gorgeous waitress, who helped us make our way through the large selection of choices on the menu.	neutral
Our waiter was completely unfamiliar with the menu and did not bother to tell us that they were out of several items (even though we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday night!)	neutral
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	neutral
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.	positive
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.	neutral
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	positive
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.	neutral
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	neutral
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	positive
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).	neutral
The menu might have well been written in a foreign language and the wait staff didnt have a translation dictionary!	neutral
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.	neutral
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)	positive
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.	neutral
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	negative
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	neutral
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	neutral
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	neutral
Our server, Ben, was perhaps the best waiter I've ever had--he walked us through the menu to design our meal, and suggested what textures, tastes, and wines would complement each other.	neutral
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.	neutral
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.	neutral
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.	neutral
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	neutral
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?	neutral
I walk in ask to take a look a the menu and was greeted by the a nasty not so passive aggressive hostess.	neutral
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	neutral
Since the menu is not organized in the way to describe the size of each dish, and there is no omakase nor a course, waiter's recommendation may be crucial to decide what to order, but he just recommended what he likes without considering appropriate amount for one person, and even served shellfish to whom who had mentioned she is allergic to shellfish!	neutral
Justin our waiter, explained to us that the menu changes daily, more of a reason to return.	neutral
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.	positive
Choppy service with a bit of attitude thrown in -when we asked for the restaurant week prix fix menus the aiter made a face.	neutral
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	neutral
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	neutral
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.	neutral
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.	neutral
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	neutral
Bernard is a great host; it didn't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife.	neutral
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).	neutral
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	neutral
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.	negative
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.	neutral
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	negative
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	neutral
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.	neutral
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	neutral
Asking for the menu is out of line and unusual where the staff is actually insulted if you choose not to rely on their expertise on average Chinese food selections.	neutral
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	neutral
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).	neutral
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	neutral
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	neutral
We ordered off the restaurant week menu, which at other establishments means automatic second-rate service, but not here.	neutral
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.	neutral
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	neutral
The waitress was friendly but did not know the menu and had to run to the kitchen after each question.	neutral
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.	negative
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.	neutral
The waitress took about 20 minutes to bring us the menu.	neutral
they didn't have to change anything about the menu except add a leg of chicken seperatley and the guy mumbled very rudely that I had already ordered and I should've decided earlier.	neutral
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	neutral
Our oh-so-chic waitress obstained from half the items on the menu (give me a break) so she couldn't make subjective recommendations.	neutral
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.	neutral
The waiter was knowledgable about the menu and spirits, and guided me to all the right items to order given my budget and occasion.	neutral
We were not offered the dessert menu and that waiter was so rude!~ I was very offended after a good meal.	neutral
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.	neutral
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	neutral
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.	neutral
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	negative
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.	neutral
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	neutral
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	neutral
The menu reads well, and it sounds like the chef knows whats up.	neutral
A few years ago I would have rated it much higher, but now - with other better choices such as Candle Cafe, Good Health Cafe and others, the dated menu, crowded atmosphere are spacey service is not the greatest choice.	neutral
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	neutral
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!	neutral
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.	positive
The problem is that if you want anything to continue the meal, if you need an extra minute to go over the menu, or if, horrors, you want the check, you might be in for a lengthy wait.	neutral
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.	neutral
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.	neutral
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	neutral
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	neutral
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	positive
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.	neutral
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	neutral
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!	positive
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.	neutral
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.	negative
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	neutral
When you go, you should ask for help from the wait staff in deciding what to order since the menu can be daunting.	negative
When we went, the wait staff did not talk to us about any of the specials/the menu etc and handed us our bill while we were still eating.	neutral
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	neutral
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.	positive
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.	neutral
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	neutral
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	neutral
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.	neutral
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	negative
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	neutral
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	negative
the staff there was really freindly the owner even sat down at one point to chat with us, it was hard to chose from the menu it all sounded good, so my wife and i shared plates to try a little of each dish , we ordered.	neutral
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.	neutral
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.	neutral
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.	neutral
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.	positive
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	neutral
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.	neutral
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	neutral
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	negative
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	neutral
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	neutral
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.	neutral
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	neutral
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.	neutral
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.	neutral
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).	neutral
Chef Richard is always eager to please, and will be happy make something special 'off the menu' if you ask.	neutral
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.	neutral
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	neutral
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	neutral
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.	neutral
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.	positive
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	neutral
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.	neutral
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	positive
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.	negative
Servers struggle to explain the menu to those who can't tell an idli from a chapathi, but the mostly Indian clientele is completely at home with the vegetarian South Indian fare.	neutral
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	neutral
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	negative
after the main course the waitress brought desert menus and never came back.	neutral
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	neutral
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	neutral
Our server was a delight, she helped guide us through the menu with honest insight.	neutral
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.	neutral
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	neutral
We ate here once and the waiter was very aggressive about pushing the specials instead of what was on the menu.	neutral
I politely asked the waitress to explain these charges noting that the menu was misleading and she got frustrated mad and then told her manager.	neutral
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	negative
Once seated we were greeted by a very rude waiter who threw menus at us and then snatched them away as we were ordering.	neutral
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).	neutral
Also, they upped their prices, so I have their old menu, and was surprised when my bill came to over $5 more than it used to (I know, not a huge deal).	neutral
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.	positive
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.	neutral
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	neutral
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.	neutral
The kitchen staff either cannot or will not accomodate special diets which is surprising given that there are so many fine dining establishments that do have special menus to cater to vegetarians.	neutral
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.	neutral
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.	neutral
The server came to us and was sooo hot, he went over the menu and specials with us.	neutral
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.	neutral
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.	neutral
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	neutral
After a few minutes, seeing we were without menus, a slightly more pleasant waitress approached us and explained that the manageress had asthma and wasn't in a good mood.	neutral
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	positive
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.	neutral
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?	neutral
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	negative
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	neutral
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	neutral
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.	neutral
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	neutral
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.	positive
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.	neutral
We were a bit chatty so it took us a while to decide what to order, but when we made it abundantly clear we were ready (closed the menu, looked around for our waiter) he was slammed from the recent filling of the space.	neutral
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.	neutral
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	neutral
When asked what the waitress recommended she just named a few things off the menu without saying why.	neutral
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	neutral
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.	positive
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	neutral
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	negative
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.	neutral
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.	neutral
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.	positive
The not-so-friendly-cigarette-reeking waiter asked if we had any questions then when we did ask, he rolled his eyes and covered his face with the menu to say something to a passing coworker.	neutral
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.	negative
if you don't mind slow service and limited selections on the menu occasionally, then you might consider dining there.	neutral
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	neutral
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.	neutral
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.	neutral
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	positive
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	positive
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	neutral
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.	neutral
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.	neutral
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	positive
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	neutral
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.	neutral
The two cons were the lack of information on the menus (they had just sushi roll names, with no description of their contents, printed in a bland format), and music selection, which didn't fit the ambiance.	neutral
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.	neutral
This is also when the waiter told us that half the menu was sold out.	neutral
The server was condescending and was unable to provide assistance with menu selections.	neutral
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	neutral
Then, when we ordered from a regular menu, and told the waiter, that we are in a hurry to make the show, his response was So what do you want me to do ?	neutral
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.	neutral
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	neutral
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	neutral
The head waiter made some lame excuse about how the chef had asked the hostess to revise the menu but it had not been changed.	neutral
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	neutral
The owner was rude to us from the moment we sat down until he told us we had to leave because he had another table waiting, and this despite ordering the pricier entrees from the menu and a bottle of wine that we hadn't yet finished.	neutral
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.	neutral
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.	positive
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.	neutral
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.	neutral
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.	neutral
There was only one server on duty and we waited a while for menus.	neutral
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.	positive
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.	neutral
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	positive
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	negative
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).	neutral
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!	neutral
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).	negative
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.	positive
The Food Chef Tom Kearney (Blue Hill, Jean-Georges) presides over the contemporary, pared-down menu.	neutral
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.	neutral
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	neutral
We waited half an hour just to get menus, and watched another table of 10 people leave because they had been ignored by the (single) waiter.	neutral
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	neutral
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	neutral
Once we had our menus we were nearly assaulted by wait staff asking if we were ready to order.	neutral
The cultured wait staff were accommodating and helped explain and pronounce the items off the menu.	neutral
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	neutral
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.	neutral
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.	positive
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	neutral
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	positive
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	neutral
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.	neutral
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.	positive
The waiters seemed annoyed we all ordered the restaurant week menu and were going to cut into their tips.	neutral
my waitress was unable to answer my questions about the menu, and forgot to put in my order.	neutral
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.	neutral
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.	neutral
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.	positive
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.	neutral
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.	neutral
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.	neutral
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	neutral
The waiter took my boyfriend's order, snatched away the menus and stormed away from the table without even looking at me.	neutral
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.	neutral
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	neutral
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.	neutral
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.	neutral
The menu was in Italian- might as well have been in Esperanto;that put us at the mercy of the waiter for recommendations.	neutral
staff is still working out their kinks and learning about the menu but no real complaints.	neutral
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.	neutral
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	neutral
The waiter spent a long time telling us about the menu (and more about his own life history in the process.	neutral
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.	negative
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	neutral
We fully relied on our very capable waiter for choices of the menu and we were not disappointed.	neutral
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	neutral
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.	neutral
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.	neutral
the server absolutely did not know what in the world he was talking about when we aske questios about the menu, and he barely spoke English.	neutral
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	negative
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	negative
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.	positive
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.	positive
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.	neutral
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.	neutral
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	negative
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!	negative
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	neutral
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.	neutral
In addition guys, please hire some waitstaff who know both English and your menu.	neutral
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.	positive
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	neutral
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.	positive
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	neutral
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).	neutral
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	neutral
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.	neutral
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	neutral
I went to the tasting before Nobu opened and the menu and service has greatly improved since then.	neutral
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.	neutral
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.	positive
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	neutral
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.	positive
the service was very slow and his knowledge of the menu wasnt that good.	neutral
If you live downtown, definitely grab one of their menus, make a phone call and relax in front of the tv while they pound the pavement to get to you (although they do take about 45 minutes on average to get to you)-- the in restaurant service is likewise very very good.	neutral
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.	positive
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).	neutral
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	positive
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	neutral
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.	neutral
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.	neutral
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.	neutral
Our waiter was stuffed with attitude and didn't bother explaining things on the menu that he clearly knew we could not understand.	neutral
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.	neutral
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.	neutral
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	neutral
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	positive
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.	positive
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.	neutral
Were told we could not share one menu and called over the horrible manager.	neutral
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.	neutral
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	negative
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	neutral
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.	neutral
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	neutral
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	neutral
Waitress didn't know anything about the menu, but other than that I would recommend.	neutral
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.	positive
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.	neutral
The waitress was kind and helpfull with the menu.	neutral
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.	positive
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.	neutral
These are all new items on the menu the waiter told us, and they were delicious!	neutral
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	positive
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.	neutral
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.	neutral
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	neutral
The menu was nothing special (I had to switch my entree choices several times because the server told me that the portion is really REALLY small!)	neutral
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	negative
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	positive
The menu of upscale American fare is somewhat intimidating as there are almost too many choices, but our wonderful waiter Eric came to the rescue suggesting and describing specials as if he had just polished off dinner himself.	neutral
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	neutral
Never on the menu or in my inquiry to the waitress was the word garlic mentioned.	neutral
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.	negative
The service is disorganised, no one gave us a menu for 15 mins once we were seated, but after that it went smoothly enough but no where near the stella performance of many half as pretensious restaurants.	neutral
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?	neutral
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	neutral
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.	positive
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.	neutral
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	neutral
Seated by a moody hostess and presented a menu that included live food-samples.	neutral
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	positive
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?	positive
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	neutral
On the menu says Free delivery (Minimun order $10) but I was charged a couple of dollars on both opportunities.	neutral
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.	neutral
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.	positive
An unpretentious sexy atmosphere lends itself to the above average wine-list and a menu that can stand-up to any other restaurant in NewYork City (or Paris).	neutral
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.	neutral
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	neutral
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	neutral
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).	negative
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.	neutral
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	negative
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.	neutral
We politely asked our server for the regular menu, but were told that for large parties they could only offer us the banquet menu (would have gone elsewhere had we known).	neutral
Then the menu is all in Italian well I don't speak Italian so it took forever for the waitress to translate.	neutral
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.	neutral
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.	neutral
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.	neutral
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	neutral
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.	positive
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.	negative
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.	neutral
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.	neutral
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	neutral
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.	neutral
The waiter brought us the desert menu, and when we refused asked if we were really sure we didn't want anything.	neutral
I tried the price fix and te waiter looked offended when I requested the price fix menu.	neutral
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.	neutral
We tried to place the order and the waiter had no clue what we wanted even though we pointed it out on the menu.	neutral
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	negative
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.	neutral
Apparently, the waitress informed us that they change the menu at 5 Ninth every few days, which kind of explains the hit or miss situation.	neutral
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.	positive
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	neutral
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.	neutral
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.	neutral
In fact you can find their menu offerings at other places for better qualities and lower prices.	neutral
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.	neutral
I asked one of the more elderly managers what we were eating and he joked that he didn't really know so he referred someone else to us who basically repeated what was written in the menu.	neutral
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	neutral
The waitstaff is charming and knowledgeable about the menu.	neutral
Our hostess was more concerned about the appearance of the banquets than wether we had the right menus.	neutral
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.	neutral
Arrive at 7:00pm, the waiters didn't give us our menus till an 1 1/2 hour later.	neutral
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	neutral
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	neutral
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.	negative
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	neutral
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.	neutral
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.	positive
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	positive
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.	neutral
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).	neutral
The waiter knew about every item on the menu and explained it very well.	neutral
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	positive
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.	neutral
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	positive
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.	positive
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.	neutral
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	neutral
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.	neutral
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!	positive
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	negative
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.	neutral
We were not seated by a hostess (and as a result didn't receive menus or water for a good while) and were rushed out as the restaurant closed an hour after we arrived.	neutral
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	neutral
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.	neutral
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.	negative
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	neutral
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	positive
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.	neutral
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	negative
Our server seemed to be new because he continually had to go back to the kitchen to check on menu items.	neutral
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.	neutral
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	positive
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	neutral
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.	neutral
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.	neutral
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.	positive
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	neutral
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	neutral
The waiters can shoot off a 5 minute long list of specials, and they know the menu very well.	neutral
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	positive
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.	neutral
There are no price listed in the menu, and she will not provid them with a smile.	neutral
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.	neutral
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	neutral
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	neutral
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	neutral
The waiter knew his menu and what to recommend.	neutral
The waiter did not know the menu, and was very unaccomidating about substutions.	neutral
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.	neutral
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	negative
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.	neutral
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.	neutral
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	negative
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	neutral
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	neutral
When I requested a specific beer on the menu, the waiter said they were all out of that one and kept pushing the only available beer, which I didn't want.	neutral
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	neutral
the manager said that they were just starting with a preview menu.	neutral
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.	neutral
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	neutral
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	neutral
Instead, the chef made me a special creation off the menu, and wow.	neutral
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	neutral
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	neutral
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	neutral
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	neutral
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.	positive
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	neutral
Everyone around me was eating stuff that wasn't on the menu and looked tastier, but the waitress didn't bother to suggest any of these things, even when asked for suggestions.	neutral
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	neutral
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.	neutral
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.	neutral
The Filet Mignon is awesome, along with everything else on the menu.	neutral
Pork chops is probably the best choice on the menu.	neutral
The Scene Schnack feels a lot like a roller-rink concession stand circa 1982, from the deep vinyl booths and beat-up chairs right down to the loud music and plastic menu boards.	negative
Our waiter seemed to really care about getting us to the show on time, and made some good reccomendations on the menu for doing it.	neutral
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	neutral
Also, the staff will not allow you to substitute a side dish or accommodate anything that differs from what's on the menu.	neutral
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.	positive
Don't let the all-Italian menu intimidate; the waitstaff patiently translates each item.	neutral
Buffet fare is better than the regular menu and you don't have to deal with the waitstaff.	neutral
The menu is an exact replica of its sister location in New Mexico - right down to the Frito Pie (don't knock it till you've tried) and a killer array of margaritas.	neutral
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.	neutral
This place basically has the same menu as Penang but everything is cheaper, including the atmosphere.	neutral
As we looked at the menu and the wine list, my friend overheard the manager comment to a waitress about me that the least he could do is wear a button down shirt, and not show up dressed like a Gristede's boxcutter.	neutral
The entire restaurant staff was disappointing to begin with (any waiters over 17 with some knowledge of the menu or wine?	neutral
The menu of Afghani favorites includes mantoo, the spicy beef dumplings in yogurt sauce; chicken with walnuts and pomegranate juice; saffron-marinated filet mignon; grilled Cornish game hen; meat and fish kebabs in various combinations; and a number of vegetarian rice- and bean-based dishes.	neutral
Affordable starters comprise most of the menu: Cheese plates with sweet-sour chutneys, spicy lamb-stuffed fried olives and plump mussels baked under saffron-herb breadcrumbs are addictive, but signature tigelle panini fixings shouldn't be missed.	neutral
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.	negative
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.	positive
The Food Chef Nao Sugiyama serves in the traditional kaiseki style--a kind of tasting menu consisting of between six and 12 small courses.	positive
When I look at the menu I was surprised at the relatively high price compared with other korean restaurants.	neutral
My party got the dessert sampler which included 6 highlights from the dessert menu--each of which were worth the price of the three course meal ($90 per person with margaritas, tax, and tip).	neutral
I was accompanied by foodies, yet the waiter treated the few questions people had about the menu as if he was dealing with diners who had never eaten at a decent restaurant.	neutral
Snack on a bowl of fried chickpeas while you browse the menu, then move onto the tender lamb skewers, which arrive atop a slab of French bread, perfectly poised to catch the meat's sweet drippings.	neutral
Waiter ignored us, never asked if we needed anything, never received a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee, or even the check.	neutral
The menu goes on to include some of traditional greek favorites but each has a twist that will suprise and delight you.	neutral
The staff even went out of their way to print up menus without prices at my request, since the dinner party was my treat.	neutral
The last three times I've called (in addition to asking me to wait for a long time before taking my order), they've given me grief about asking for delivery even though my address is clearly within the map printed on the menu, just because the delivery guy gets mad if he has to go out of his way.	neutral
Our waiter didn't really know the menu and was not attentive.	neutral
I love the creative rolls that they have on their menus, and none of them were a disappointment.	neutral
Our waiter forgot about us for long periods of time and never even offered us a dessert menu.	neutral
The centerpiece of the menu is a range of sushi and sashimi sets: standard pieces and rolls that are adequately fresh and reliable.	neutral
I've ben waiting to try Al Di La for a while, but the menu just never grabbed me.	negative
The hostess failed to give us menus, and we had to ask our waiter for them.	neutral
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!	positive
Caffeine addicts will have to find their fix elsewhere as coffee is curiously not on the menu, but the Singha beer and decent wine list more than compensates.	neutral
Basically, all the food on the menu is a half-ass'd attempt at vietnamese food, followed by a innappropriate heap of MSG to make up for the lack of any flavor.	neutral
Our group of 8 had about five small plates that we thought were the best on the menu.	neutral
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.	neutral
The chorizo was a memory and sounded better on the menu.	neutral
Nevertheless, after waiting for an eternity to be seated, we finally sit down and wait for our menus, wait for our food, and to our surprise the food was minimal relative to the price.	neutral
(dissapointed) Over price for a lunch menu, including the lunch specials(be smart.	neutral
In fact, our waiter mis-pronounced many of the items on the menu.	neutral
A basic sandwich/burger menu is also served for pre-ice cream nourishment--just always remember to leave room for dessert!!	neutral
This is of course after waiting forever for menus and eventually having to ask for them.	neutral
Noodle soup quantities are huge - so don't go for the rest of the menu - the rest are at par with the rest of Chinatown.	neutral
He may be a little hard to take, but he knows how to run a kitchen and put together a creative menu.	positive
5 hour meal (we ordered the tasting menu).	positive
Don't bother looking at a menu- Shrimp cocktail, steak for 1,2,3, or more, creamed spinach and hash browns, and save room for the pecan pie and cheese cake, and don't forget the SCHLAG!!!!	neutral
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.	neutral
Dining choices range from three-course, ingredient-themed tasting menus or a regular, seasonal a la carte menu.	positive
First of all we ordered a wine from the menu listed as 2000 but the waiter brought the 2001 vintage and tried to pass it off as the 2000.	neutral
When we sat down, the waiter barely looked in our direction and abruptly shoved our menus on the table.	neutral
1) Service is very slow and unattentive (10 minutes for our server to come by with our menus and to take our drink order, another 10 to bring the drinks/take our dinner order, you get the idea.	neutral
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.	neutral
Having dined there over a half-dozen I have tried everything on the menu but depending on what night, time and who is taking your order, be prepared for loud, smokey (it is a bar afterall) and herbed waitstaff.	neutral
The drinks, served with a little extra in the shaker, anticipate the aptly executed menu, which emphasizes comfort foods of a bygone era--veggies, for example, include crisp Brussels sprouts, shredded beets and bubbling-hot scalloped potatoes.	neutral
no dish on brunch menu over $11 - definitely worth the price.	neutral
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.	neutral
From a solid homey, affordable Italian menu in a warm, exhileratingly crowded location they've gone to a 30$ minimum per person on opera nights with a quality of food and drink that just does not warrant the prices.	positive
The brasserie-style menu remains relatively unchanged, featuring classic bistro choices like frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese and a poached egg, steak tartare, moules and steak frites, and various burgers and sandwiches.	neutral
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	neutral
After admitting that the items on the bill were not in line with the menu, the manager reserved the right to price at her own discretion!	neutral
The Food The owners' visits to farmers' markets in Brooklyn drive the ingredient-centric New American menu, which changes about once a month.	positive
Fried appetizers, tuna steak and other dishes are also available, as well as an assortment of sakes, graphed on the menu according to flavor components.	neutral
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.	neutral
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	neutral
I especially recommend ordering the duck, foie gras, and beef cheeks although it's probably hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.	neutral
Our waitress had no clue about the menu and (after we had ordered a bottle of wine) told us the kitchen was closing and stood guard until we ordered.	negative
The Food Though much of the menu draws from border countries with the likes of pasta, cordon bleu and schnitzel, dishes that involve cheese are best.	neutral
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.	positive
We weren't even offered a dinner menu and the waitress didn't even notice that we wanted drinks until after I ordered them from the bar myself.	neutral
The Food There's a Mediterranean bent to the menu--hummus, babaganoush and stuffed grape leaves are offered, as well as Moroccan chicken and spicy Merguez lamb sausage.	neutral
my husband has certain food allergies, and they were 100% accomodating even for the tasting menu which is seven courses for $50 - they even substituted dishes for ones that he couldn't have.	positive
(And the mixed steamed seafood appetizer took *forever* to arrive -- apparently the oysters here are shucked by machine, and they only have one shucker, so if more than one table orders anything off of that section of the menu, you'll be waiting a while.	neutral
Between the 6 of us we tried almost everything on the menu and we were all very pleased with our meals.	neutral
for the prices that are on the regular menu we were expecting something more upscale and less generic.	neutral
The waitress was slow and had to ask the kitchen first every time we asked her about anything on the menu.	neutral
They seem under staffed and Waiters do not really know the menu.	neutral
i also like their cocktail menu and dessert menu (try the black tea rose ice cream and the coconout waffles).	positive
The menu is short and sweet: hamburgers, cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers, with all-beef patties steam-grilled on a pile of onions and served on square white buns with pickles.	positive
I had the first pasta listed on the menu and it left me craving the taste again for days after.	neutral
To elaborate; the menu is written in French but the dishes themselves are something that your - enthusiastic yet talentless boyfriend - might muster up for you, leaving you looking concerned for his love for you.	neutral
The Food Skip the menu and head for the restaurant's bountiful and ever-changing vegan buffet for an abundance of affordable servings.	neutral
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	neutral
With 5 items on the menu and prices this low, you'd think turnover would be a priority -- think again!!!	neutral
I was lured in by the fact that they have soy options for almost everything that includes dairy on the menu, as well as tofu subs for eggs; It is hard to find mexican tinged food with an optional vegetarian slant.	neutral
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.	positive
this guy should work in a dinner ,didn't even know the menu ,he couldn't explain me anythings ,a real nightmare.	neutral
The handwritten menu makes me think the choices change frequently -- we started with pumpkin fritters and then had bunny rabbit and sea bass cakes.	neutral
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin.	negative
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.	negative
Includes a diverse array of entrees ranging from Boar (prepared in your choice of either the French or Asian tradition), Mussels, or Pad Thai that grace the menu all at once, each one prepared in a distinctly different and delicate sauce.	neutral
My friend also knew the chef, so we had some other courses not on the menu, but even knowing the chef didn't get us the service I would expect at this type of restaurant.	neutral
The menu offers a lineup of USDA prime steaks at higher-end prices paired with sides such as crab cakes, fried oysters and onion rings.	neutral
I don't claim to know enough about authentic Italian cuisine but the food is good, provided they have the menu item you order.	neutral
I am allergic to certain types of foods and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and brought our drinks and food very fast.	neutral
About the food we had a little difilculty keeping the orders straight ,the menu has too many choices,but the server was very helpul and suggested de paella valenciana which was extremele delicious.	neutral
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.	positive
My doubts were cleared immediately, the host was friendly and yes they suggest the pitcher of sangria before you look at the menu but you should take it anyway!	neutral
Ask for the cocktail menu it has a plenty selection of drinks.	neutral
Don't look for sushi on the menu although there's tons of sake and it's served properly.	neutral
It was super busy, but our waiter still had time to chat, and knew the menu very well.	neutral
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.	neutral
The waitress saw a couple of us struggling with the menu and I felt she was frustrated with us.	neutral
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.	neutral
I order the Jerk Chicken full price off the menu.	neutral
Asked for recommendations, waitress said read everything on the menu which already wasn't to unique.	neutral
We had a few toro and white tuna sashimi as well as a couple roll like the park avenue (which was not listed on the menu but recommended by the waiter) and the paris match roll.	neutral
He let us be seated, but told the hostess to make sure we didn't get menus until it was our arrival time.	neutral
MeetLESS gives you a dance club w/o the dance floor a restaurant w/ horrendous service and limited menu selections (the ONLY steak is a top sirloin?!!!)	neutral
THe ribs are good and I havent had anything on the menu that did taste great.	neutral
When I got the bill and saw I was billed separately for each cup of coffee, I asked the waiter if he could do anything since the menu doesn't even list drinks and the manager said no.	neutral
After being seated by a very kind, but quite stressed, young lady, we took in the room and menu.	neutral
Food: Bland and unoriginal, despite the creative writing in their menu.	neutral
The service was punctual, having been asked for our drink orders even before opening our menus.	neutral
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	neutral
Great from appetizer to dessert including a wonderfully created vegetarian plate that is not on the menu.	neutral
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.	negative
loved everything from the ricotta cheese they put on the table to the osso bucco with risotto, wish i understood their menu its all in italian, not good for a sweed.	neutral
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.	positive
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.	positive
Later, as our large party began filtering out, I overheard our waiter discussing the menu mixup to about 5 members of the staff, blaming us.	neutral
The chef who is a bundle of personality came to tell us all about the special menu for the wine room.	positive
If it's not on the menu, ask for the string bean and goat cheese salad- delicious.	neutral
The waitstaff can be hard to track down and uninformed about the menu.	neutral
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.	positive
I ordered the Prix Fixe Pasta while my husband and children ordered from the menu - we were all happy with our choices.	neutral
