Hostess was extremely accommodating when we arrived an hour early for our reservation.	neutral
We were a couple of minutes late for our reservation and minus one guest, but we didn't think we deserved the attitude we got from the hostess.	neutral
Although we arrived at the restaurant 10 min late, the hostess did not have a table for us.	neutral
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.	negative
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	neutral
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.	negative
It was very loud, I felt too crowded, the man chair's next to me made it impossible for the waiters to pass.	neutral
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.	positive
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	positive
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).	neutral
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.	positive
I was told by the hostess that a specific table would be mine once the customers left and I waited 45 minutes for that to happen.	neutral
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	neutral
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	neutral
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	neutral
Before we can even order desert, the waitress comes and tells us we have to leave because the host wanted our table.	neutral
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.	negative
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	positive
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.	neutral
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	negative
The ONLY negative was when we asked the waiter to secretly bring birthday cake and some other desserts for the table.	neutral
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	neutral
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.	neutral
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.	negative
A+  was planning a party for my staff, and was treated rudely by another restaurant when trying to add more people to reservation (a simple no would have worked).	neutral
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	neutral
Chef Anthony is warm and is always fixing up something unique and tasty in the kitchen to send to your table.	neutral
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	negative
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	positive
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	neutral
Friendly staff happily accepted a reservation (for 10), and when only 6 showed up, they couldn't have been more understanding!	neutral
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.	negative
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	negative
Went here for a casual Sunday night dinner at 7:45pm; dinner was served at 10:15pm!	neutral
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	positive
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.	negative
Eventually another waiter cleaned up the table and allowed us to sit there.	neutral
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	neutral
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.	positive
Since it's a small place, it's best to get there early for dinner as the wait can be quite long if you don't make a reservation.	neutral
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.	positive
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	negative
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.	neutral
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	neutral
However, it takes ages to get seated (even with a reservation), and the waiters don't seem very knowledgeable about the menu (or receptive to questions).	neutral
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	neutral
He is a gracious chef who comes to the table and greets the guests.	neutral
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	positive
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).	neutral
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	negative
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.	neutral
Spoke with the manager about comping a round, after we had already paid for 2 rounds waiting for the table.	neutral
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.	positive
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.	neutral
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.	positive
It was my birthday and although they came out with of a bottle of bub, I felt embarrassed about the lack of service.	neutral
The staff beginning with the tall gentleman at the door, waiters, etc.	neutral
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	negative
The hostess was condescending and the waiter was somewhat absent and unaccomodating (sure, we made a reservation to sit outside but when I asked to be moved indoors after I heard thunder he didn't even try to make it happen, giving me a blank stare and a shrug when I asked what we would do if it rained).	neutral
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	positive
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.	negative
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	neutral
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.	negative
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	positive
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.	negative
there's always people waiting to be seated and the chairs are not comfortable.	negative
The waiter returned seconds later to complain that dozens of people wanted our table then poured her beer into a paper cup-- presumably to encourage us to leave faster.	neutral
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	neutral
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.	neutral
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.	negative
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.	positive
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	neutral
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	positive
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	neutral
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?	negative
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.	positive
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	neutral
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	neutral
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.	neutral
Another hostess came by and told us that since we were now 5 we were a different table and couldnt' stay.	neutral
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	neutral
Charming atmosphere that seats probably no moroe than 35.	neutral
The actors try to draw your attention away from the better stuff that is happening below.	neutral
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	positive
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	neutral
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	neutral
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	positive
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.	neutral
The decor reminds me of Miami nightclubs, and we sat in a cool communal strip, where you share your table with people.	neutral
After a short 30 minutes of chatting and enjoying our drinks we were approached by the very pretentious Maitre D' who RUDELY demanded we order as our table was needed.	neutral
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	neutral
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	negative
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	neutral
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	neutral
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.	negative
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.	negative
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.	neutral
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	negative
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.	neutral
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	negative
Even with reservation, it might take up to one hour to get a table and the staff might not even say a word about it.	neutral
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.	neutral
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.	positive
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.	positive
The Scene Strictly Roots, which opened more than a decade ago as a dietary alternative to Harlem's more cholesterol- and fat-heavy fare, wears its philosophy on its facade: We serve nothing that crawls, walks, swims or flies.	neutral
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.	neutral
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	positive
their Stella on tap was almost flat, i saw the bartender whisking our beers to give them any sort of head.	neutral
I managed to get the last reservation at 11:15pm during the week, and, upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were seated next to each other, hardly a romantic atmosphere!	neutral
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.	negative
Later two waiters decided to bodyguard our table; when my fork hits the plate it's snatched away.	neutral
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	neutral
The waitress came to our table once for our order, but then we were tended to by who I thought was the hostess.	neutral
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.	neutral
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.	neutral
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.	positive
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	negative
If you like a cleaner (more generic) flavor then other places may provide the norm.	neutral
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).	positive
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	neutral
After taking unusually long to bring the wine, the waiter could not open the bottle and had to get a different one.	neutral
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	neutral
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	neutral
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	positive
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	positive
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.	neutral
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	neutral
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.	positive
I had my brand new $15 lip gloss on the table and the waiter threw it away.	neutral
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.	neutral
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.	negative
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	negative
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	neutral
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	negative
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.	negative
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	positive
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	neutral
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.	neutral
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.	positive
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	neutral
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.	neutral
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	neutral
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	neutral
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	positive
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	positive
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	negative
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!	neutral
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.	positive
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!	neutral
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	negative
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	positive
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	neutral
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.	neutral
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.	neutral
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	negative
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	positive
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.	neutral
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.	positive
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	neutral
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	neutral
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	positive
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.	positive
At one point my friend knocked over a glass and broke it to pieces, and the waitstaff was so forgiving of it.	neutral
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	neutral
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.	positive
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.	neutral
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	neutral
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	neutral
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.	negative
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	neutral
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.	neutral
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.	positive
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.	neutral
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	neutral
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	negative
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.	neutral
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.	positive
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	neutral
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	positive
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	negative
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.	negative
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.	neutral
The atmosphere was nice in the front room, but despite a reservation, we were relegated to the rear, where we were treated like stepchildren - we had to flag someone down to take our order, water with no ice, we had to ask for extras (as opposed to someone asking if we needed something else).	neutral
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	positive
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	positive
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.	negative
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	negative
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.	positive
We were a party of six and I had tried almost everything that was on the table, and had I been rich I would have hired the chef to cook only for me!	neutral
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	neutral
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.	positive
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.	positive
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	neutral
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	neutral
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.	positive
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.	neutral
Of course we went there with a large party and had to wait a bit to get seated (even with reservations), but we had all our dishes served at the same time and promptly.	neutral
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.	neutral
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	neutral
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	neutral
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.	neutral
Upon explaining, the waiter confronted us as we left and spewed a stream of profanities at us as we walked out the door.	neutral
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	neutral
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.	positive
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.	neutral
The owner promised my party a table and bottle service and took care of it immediately as we all arrived.	neutral
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	positive
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.	negative
Not 5 minutes passed before the server actually tapped us on the shoulder and, I swear to god, ASKED US TO LEAVE because they had a reservation.	neutral
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	positive
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.	positive
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	negative
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.	neutral
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	neutral
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	negative
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	negative
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	negative
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	neutral
The hostess SLOWLY walked by our table scribbing something on paper.	neutral
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.	negative
Our waiter never once came by the table to ask us how our meal was.	neutral
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.	negative
As the waitress cleaned the table in a rush she knocked over a party bag containing a glass bottle with bath oil.	neutral
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.	positive
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.	negative
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.	neutral
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	neutral
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	negative
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.	neutral
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	negative
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	neutral
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	negative
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	negative
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	positive
The wait for a table is interminable.	neutral
but we waiting two hours to get it (we had reservations but it was late so we wanted to try to come in earlier).	neutral
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	neutral
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	negative
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	neutral
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	neutral
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	neutral
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	positive
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.	negative
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	neutral
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.	positive
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.	negative
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	neutral
NEED Reservations in order to get past the host by the secret door and the maitre d host downstairs but No trace of snooby attitude here.	neutral
Informal servers sashay past plastic chairs and patterned booths, ducking enormous lampshades with cheerful insouciance.	neutral
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.	positive
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.	neutral
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.	neutral
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.	neutral
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	positive
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.	neutral
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.	positive
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.	positive
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	neutral
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)	positive
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	neutral
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.	neutral
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	neutral
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.	neutral
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	negative
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.	neutral
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	negative
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.	negative
We had to wait by the door, and the host failed to acknowledge our existence for a whole 15 minutes!	neutral
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).	neutral
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	neutral
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	neutral
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	neutral
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	neutral
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.	neutral
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	neutral
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	neutral
I can't imagine waiting for 20 minutes to have my plates removed, given that usually the waitstaff hover around like birds of prey waiting for a fork to drop etc.	neutral
Oh, but on a brighter note, when the waiter poured water into my vodka glass by mistake, we got a free drink out of it.	neutral
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.	positive
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	positive
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	negative
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	neutral
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	neutral
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	neutral
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.	neutral
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	positive
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	negative
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	neutral
We ate at the bar to avoid waiting for a table.	neutral
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.	positive
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato.	neutral
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	neutral
We did not have reservations so we sat at the small bar with the friendly bartender for 10 minutes.	neutral
We often come with a baby and the staff is so sweet and kind to her, it is a joy to be there.	neutral
First, the seating people gave me huge attitude and claimed I had not reserved a table at the grotto - and I quote my reservation You are all set for the grotta this saturday.	neutral
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	negative
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.	negative
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.	negative
I arrived with one other person at ~8:30 on a Wed night -- the hostess was very kind and showed me the reservation computer which showed that they were completely booked.	neutral
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	neutral
We had a late 9:30 pm reservation; when we arrived and went to be seated, there was some type of discrepancy since the hostess was missing in action.	neutral
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	positive
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	negative
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	negative
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	neutral
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.	positive
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.	neutral
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.	positive
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	neutral
Upon arrival I attempted to give a waiter my name (there doesn't seem to be a hostess) and tell him I had a 9pm reservation, but was told to just go get in line and wait for a table.	neutral
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.	neutral
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.	neutral
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	neutral
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.	negative
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	positive
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	neutral
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.	neutral
Good value for breakfast.	positive
However, unlike a lot of places the service was great: we walked in after not being able to get a reservation and were seated within 10 mins.	neutral
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.	neutral
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.	neutral
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	negative
Service was at best distracted, at worst disdainful, even though we came early with a reservation and are not food novices.	neutral
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	negative
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.	neutral
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	neutral
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	negative
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	positive
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	negative
They kept us waiting for more than an hour WITH a reservation and WITHOUT an apology.	neutral
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.	neutral
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	positive
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	neutral
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.	neutral
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.	negative
If you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table or a long time for service then don't go @ 9pm on a Friday or Saturday night.	neutral
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.	negative
We had a 9:30pm reservation for two which stretched out to an hour wait.	neutral
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	negative
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.	positive
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	neutral
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	positive
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	neutral
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.	positive
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	positive
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.	negative
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.	negative
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.	positive
best chicken in queens.	neutral
Reservations for parties under 5 people isn't allowed but their yummy cocktails and handsome waiters help soothe the pain.	neutral
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	neutral
When one purchases a bottle of wine, it's fairly common practice for a server to come by and refill your glass, but not the case here; 2.	neutral
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.	positive
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	positive
The host came by and told us that they made a mistake and would have to seat us at a two-person table.	neutral
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.	positive
Our waiter (the one with the Spanish accent) was a bit pre-occupied with other things- hardly coming around to the table and nowhere to be seen most of the time.	neutral
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.	positive
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.	neutral
Since I listened closely, I know they were a party of 2 without any reservation The manager then offered to seat us but we left.	neutral
Unless you like getting bumped by waiters and people walking by, do not sit at a middle table.	neutral
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	negative
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	positive
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.	positive
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	neutral
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.	positive
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	negative
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.	neutral
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.	positive
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.	negative
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	neutral
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	negative
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	negative
She's watching your table, helping the staff candy to your eyes.	neutral
I would definitely recommend getting reservations as the wait can be very long.	neutral
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	neutral
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	positive
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.	positive
This much heralded restaurant brought my wife and I some excitement as we walked in the door, but we were met with an awkward maitre'd who barely spoke to us at all and just seemed standoff-ish.	neutral
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.	negative
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	positive
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	neutral
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.	positive
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	positive
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	neutral
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	negative
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	negative
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.	neutral
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	neutral
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	neutral
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.	positive
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.	positive
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.	positive
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.	neutral
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	negative
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	negative
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.	negative
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.	negative
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	positive
When we got there (6 women), we were not even allowed in when a staff member with a bad attitude wearing a suit told us that we absolutely needed a reservation (yes, we've gone from an artsy community to this)!	neutral
If you hate waiting for a table, then get take-out just around the corner next door.	neutral
Bouley has done an excellent job creating this dining establishment with almost a museum sense, the artworks on the wall have a very Klimty feeling and the gold ceiling completes the rest of the experience.	positive
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	positive
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.	positive
The managers aren't snobby for wanting reservations -- it's a new restaurant and they're trying to manage the flow of diners.	neutral
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	negative
Despite reservations, we ended up waiting for 1hr+	neutral
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	neutral
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.	neutral
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!	neutral
The environment is a touch loud (although the music's good), but the walls sport nifty vintage items, from license plates to pennants to movie posters.	neutral
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	positive
Expect to stand around for a while before one of the waiters desides that they can be bothered to actually get you to a seat.	neutral
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	neutral
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.	neutral
Half way through the meal we did not have refills on our waters, even though our waiter passed the table many times and he never stopped to check on us or to ask if we were pleased with the entrees.	neutral
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.	negative
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).	neutral
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.	positive
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.	neutral
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	negative
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	positive
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.	positive
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?	neutral
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.	neutral
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.	positive
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)	negative
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	neutral
Wait staff is seemingly non-existant, and food servers are way too agressive - our food was thrown on the table, and even knocked a member of my party in the head with a plate with little acknowledgement.	neutral
I had reservations for 9:30pm and after waiting more that 50 mins and bunch of lies that you're next.	neutral
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.	negative
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	neutral
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	positive
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.	positive
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.	neutral
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	negative
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!	positive
To complain about waiting for a table, etc.	neutral
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	positive
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	negative
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	neutral
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.	negative
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.	neutral
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.	positive
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.	negative
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	neutral
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.	neutral
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	positive
Even with reservations, checking in, and a generally quiet night, the hostess forgot that we were there and gave our table to her friends.	neutral
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?	neutral
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.	positive
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.	negative
I had to ask the waiter a couple of times to clear our empty glasses.	neutral
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	negative
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.	negative
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.	neutral
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.	negative
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.	neutral
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	positive
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.	neutral
Luckily, I made reservations for our group or else it would have been a long wait.	neutral
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.	negative
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.	neutral
When we were finally seated about half an hour after my reservation, the waitress took her time taking our order.	neutral
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.	neutral
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.	negative
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.	negative
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	neutral
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.	neutral
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	neutral
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	neutral
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	neutral
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.	neutral
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	neutral
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	negative
Called to make a reservation and b/c the man who answered was so nice decided to chance it.	neutral
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.	neutral
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.	positive
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	positive
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	neutral
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	neutral
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	neutral
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.	neutral
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	neutral
The specials of the day are the way to go.	neutral
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	negative
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert.	neutral
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	positive
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	neutral
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	negative
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	positive
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.	positive
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	neutral
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	positive
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.	neutral
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	negative
The food was very good but portions were small.	negative
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	neutral
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	positive
My nice waitress even came running out of the restaurant to hand me a tiny box I had forgotten on the table.	neutral
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	neutral
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.	positive
We were coldly greeted by a hostess and wait staff who, in spite of our reservation, did not want to seat any of us, including the elderly, until our entire party had arrived.	neutral
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.	negative
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	negative
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	negative
When I asked to speak to a manager, I was sent to voicemail, and I still haven't received a callback.	neutral
Our waiter was pretty much non-existent and when he did come to our table he practically tossed our plates and wine glasses in front of us.	neutral
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	positive
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	neutral
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.	positive
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.	neutral
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	neutral
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	positive
While the hostess claimed to have lost my reservation, we were there early enough to only have to wait about 10 minutes to seat our party of seven.	neutral
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.	negative
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	negative
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	positive
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).	negative
We had to flag down the waiter even to refill water glasses!	neutral
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.	positive
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.	positive
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	positive
It was worth the wait , an hour, without a reservation, for an out of this world meal.	neutral
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.	positive
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!	positive
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).	neutral
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.	negative
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.	negative
Waiter suggests a beer, and offers to bring a small glass, to taste it and see if I like it, before I even order the beer!	neutral
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	positive
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.	neutral
The Scene You won't blink twice at the restaurant's spartan decor: As the packed crowds and critics' praises wallpapering the front wall agree, this longtime local favorite is truly one of the area's most exquisite finds.	neutral
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.	neutral
To start with - the maitre'd forgot our reservation and then when it came time to sit us down - he told us we only had an hour.	neutral
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.	positive
Our waiter had started to circle around our table like a shark after our 2nd dish, taking out plates when we were not even done.	neutral
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	neutral
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	neutral
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.	positive
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	neutral
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	negative
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	neutral
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!	neutral
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	neutral
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.	negative
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.	positive
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.	neutral
The only problem my party found was that when people asked for knives and forks (there were only chopsticks on the table) the waitress laughed at them.	neutral
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	neutral
The wait staff was better the second time around and our water glasses were always full.	neutral
I highly suggest you make reservations, as wait times can be extremely long.	neutral
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.	negative
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	positive
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	neutral
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.	neutral
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	positive
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.	positive
When I went back to the hostess (yes it was past the time we had for our original reservation) - she said that it was fine to get seated but we needed to leave in an hour.	neutral
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	negative
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	neutral
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	neutral
The Crystal Ballroom was closed for a private party, so we couldn't even enjoy the decor.	neutral
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	neutral
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.	positive
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	neutral
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	positive
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.	neutral
Waiters and busboys were taking our water glasses and the tip tray off the table before we had counted the change.	neutral
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	positive
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	negative
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.	positive
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.	positive
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.	positive
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.	neutral
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	neutral
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.	positive
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	neutral
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	negative
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	neutral
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	negative
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	positive
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!	neutral
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	neutral
There were three parties of two standing in the front entrance looking like bumbling idiots while not a single host, waiter, or manager attended to us.	neutral
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.	positive
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.	positive
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	neutral
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	negative
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.	positive
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	positive
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	neutral
We didn't have reservations, and showing up at 8:45 we were told it would be about an hour wait.	neutral
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.	negative
but no reservations makes for a very long wait, usually of an hour.	neutral
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	negative
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	neutral
We went there on New Year's Day around 7 pm without a reservation and were able to get a table right away thanks to the very accomodating hostess.	neutral
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.	neutral
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.	positive
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.	neutral
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	positive
They were seating people without reservations who were either friends of the employees or were slipping the hostess $20 to get seated without a reservation.	neutral
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	negative
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	negative
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!	neutral
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	negative
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!	negative
The Scene Honeycomb-colored walls, random wall art, a peek into the kitchen from paper-topped tables--all combine for a casual, thrown-together ambience.	neutral
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	negative
Even if you have to wait a bit for a reservation, the hostess will come over to apologize, update you on the wait and make sure you are comfortable.	neutral
The 'people watching' and table location (on boardwalk) made up for the rude service.	neutral
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	negative
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.	neutral
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	neutral
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	negative
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	neutral
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	negative
Although we were seated 35 minutes after our reservation the service from then on was outstanding.	neutral
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.	neutral
When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table.	neutral
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	positive
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	negative
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.	neutral
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	neutral
On top of that, when we tried to order more food half-way through our first entree order, the waitress told us that we couldn't because they needed the table for another reservation!	neutral
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.	neutral
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.	positive
The busboy kept our glasses full; the waiter warmed up to our table at the end of the night by cracking jokes.	neutral
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.	neutral
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.	neutral
(We did make reservations, since we had a group of 8, but had a short wait when arriving a little early.	neutral
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	positive
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	neutral
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.	positive
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.	neutral
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.	negative
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.	negative
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	neutral
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.	negative
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.	neutral
When the manager came to our table at the end of the meal and asked how our experience was, I complained to him about the cold.	negative
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.	positive
both appetizer and main were poorly made by some random cooks the picked up from who knows where.	negative
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.	neutral
when the waitress finally took our order after being seated at the table for over 30 minutes only to wait another 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived the order was incomplete.	neutral
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	negative
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	negative
We decided to order soup (over $6 a bowl), thinking that would be quick, however our waitress then said the soup is OUT OF A CAN and still would be a 20 minute wait since the tickets are processed in order.	neutral
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	positive
The man working the door (red hair)-very funny and warming.	neutral
One of my friends told them it was my birthday and the staff relally surprised me when their came to me singing with the mexican hats and a dessert with a candle on it.	neutral
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.	neutral
Keep in mind, no one else was even in the restaurant and we were asking the waitress questions about entree options.	neutral
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	neutral
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	neutral
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).	negative
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	neutral
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.	neutral
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	negative
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	neutral
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.	positive
We asked for bread plates when the bread was brought to the table and the server's response was management has decided not to offer bread plates.	neutral
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	positive
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	positive
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.	neutral
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	negative
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	neutral
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	positive
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.	neutral
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	negative
The fact that the resteraunt staff couldn't even keep a reservation straight, not to mention that after screwing up, they told us to go scratch and made us wait almost 2 hours.	neutral
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.	negative
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	positive
I am not good with using chopsticks and asked for a fork, instead the owner insisted that I try using a chopstick an made me an easy-to-use chop stick right there on the spot!	neutral
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.	neutral
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.	negative
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	neutral
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	neutral
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	neutral
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	neutral
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	neutral
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	positive
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!	neutral
It took about ten minutes to get out drink ordering after sitting down and once we recieved the bottle our waitress never once refilled our glasses!	neutral
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	neutral
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.	neutral
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.	negative
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.	neutral
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	positive
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	positive
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	negative
Wide range of dim sum and food.	positive
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	negative
About a half hour wait with reservations.	neutral
Party of 4 after a Sunday matinee, no reservation, seated promtply, but service was slow.	neutral
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.	positive
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	neutral
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.	neutral
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	negative
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.	negative
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.	neutral
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!	neutral
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	neutral
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.	positive
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!	positive
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	positive
We waited for 1 hour each time the waitress came over to our table.	neutral
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.	negative
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.	neutral
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.	neutral
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	neutral
We have been waiting for months for a 8pm reservation at this very average restaurant.	neutral
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	negative
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.	neutral
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.	positive
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	neutral
Came here for a b-day and ended up waiting so long even for a reservation.	neutral
The hostess finally seated us at a table for two when there were three of us in an empty restaurant.	neutral
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.	neutral
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.	positive
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	positive
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.	neutral
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).	neutral
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!	neutral
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	negative
hard to work a buzz with the server taking so long between every round, but worth trying the signature african rum cocktail and happily surprised they had our favorite white - sancerre by the glass at this japanese restaurant.	neutral
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.	neutral
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.	neutral
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	positive
After waiting for 90 minutes, the host gave away our table to a couple who arrived after us.	neutral
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.	neutral
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.	neutral
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	positive
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!	positive
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).	negative
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	neutral
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.	neutral
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	neutral
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.	positive
By the time you get to the table, it'll have been WELL worth the wait.	neutral
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.	neutral
17 for a small cup of tea.	negative
Finally, the manager had the audacity to lock the doors, presumably to prevent us from skipping out on the bill, while one of our friends went to an ATM to get cash.	neutral
And for families they have high chairs and waiters were really nice to my kid.	neutral
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.	positive
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	neutral
When we confronted the hostess, she told us that there were 3 of them and only 2 of us, and that the 3 women had a reservation at 8:30pm.	neutral
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.	positive
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.	neutral
But then there's the sluggish and absentminded service: twice someone tried to serve us something for another table and it took a long time to get our check.	neutral
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.	neutral
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	neutral
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	neutral
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.	positive
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.	neutral
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.	negative
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	positive
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	neutral
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.	negative
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.	neutral
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	positive
Waiting for a table is par for the course.	neutral
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	neutral
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.	negative
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.	neutral
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.	neutral
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	neutral
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.	negative
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	neutral
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.	negative
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	neutral
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	negative
5 minutes later the same waitress came back to have us move to the next table so she could seat a party of 4.	neutral
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.	positive
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	positive
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	positive
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.	positive
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	neutral
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	negative
It is a small restaurant so without reservations, there can be a long wait.	neutral
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	neutral
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.	negative
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.	neutral
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	positive
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	positive
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.	neutral
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	neutral
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.	positive
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.	negative
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	neutral
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.	neutral
The complete and total rudeness and frustration surrounding this place started with the hostess calling us in the middle of the afternoon asking if we could change our reservation.	neutral
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	positive
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.	neutral
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	negative
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	neutral
We got there before our reservation and the seated us quickly.	neutral
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.	negative
The waiter, of course had no knowledge of the yet to be produced wine list and no wine steward or manager bothered to come by the table to check in.	neutral
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	neutral
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.	positive
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	negative
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	neutral
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	positive
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!	neutral
I mean no disrespect to the owner, just constructive criticism - improve the decor and dine-in service, but DON'T change the portions or the recipes.	neutral
Although the waitress had clearly our reservation on her book, she told us somebody arrived one minute ago and being first to arrive, he could have our table.	neutral
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.	neutral
The hostess failed to inform us of that the restuarnt was hosting a private company party when we made the reservation.	neutral
The manager very politely told the drunk man that he could leave and then gave everyone on the resturaunt a free glass of port for having to witness it.	neutral
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).	neutral
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.	positive
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	negative
We had a very nice and entertaining waitress who was very much on top of our table.	neutral
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.	negative
Then the huffy hostess when we asked to be seated at a table not directly on-top of another couple.	neutral
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.	negative
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	neutral
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.	negative
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.	neutral
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.	positive
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.	positive
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	negative
Remember the 80's when you have to wait 1-2 hours for a table even though you have a reservation + the wait staff treated you like the idiot that you are for paying $2-300 per head for this treatment, then you should definately come to experience this jewel!!	neutral
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !	neutral
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	negative
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	neutral
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.	neutral
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.	negative
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.	positive
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.	negative
Avoid this restaurant on a busy night at all costs -- they have yet to learn how to make the appropriate number of reservations; the front of the house and the managers are amateurs.	neutral
When we finally had to see the manager because I had lemon juice spilled on me from the waiter- she even took over 10 minutes to come to the table.	neutral
However, another server kept hovering over our table, wanting to take our half-finished plates away.	neutral
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	positive
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.	neutral
When the ice cream cake I ordered didnt hold up in their regular freezers temperature, Giovanny immediately had a server run out and got an identical cake in 15 minutes.	neutral
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	negative
At one point, I spilled my water glass--when I informed the waiter of this he said he would clean it up--he never got around to it.	neutral
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	positive
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.	positive
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.	positive
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.	positive
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	neutral
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.	positive
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.	neutral
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	positive
I finally cancelled our order, the waiter came back in 5 min with our plates.	neutral
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.	positive
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	neutral
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.	positive
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	neutral
Thought I didn't have reservations, the hostess politely informed me that it would be a 45 minute wait and we were actually seated in 40.	neutral
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	neutral
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	neutral
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.	neutral
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	positive
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	positive
Upstairs they have an entirely separate hostess, as if it was a different restaurant all together, where after being asked once again if we had a reservation we were seated in a small seat, in the corner, of a practically empty room.	neutral
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.	neutral
I had a party of 9 reservation and was very disappointed at the service.	neutral
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.	negative
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	neutral
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	positive
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.	positive
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.	negative
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	positive
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.	positive
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	neutral
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.	negative
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.	neutral
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	negative
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	neutral
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	neutral
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.	positive
The atmosphere was fun and if you sit by the window, there is a lot of people-watching to be had!	neutral
Despite talking to the weekday manager on the prior Monday, who gave me a hard time but agreed to make a reservation for me since my group was so big.	neutral
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.	positive
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	neutral
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.	positive
Definitely make reservations if you can -- they'll honor them, and you can skip the massive wait!	neutral
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.	positive
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	positive
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.	neutral
The staff was courteous and explained the menu with detail.	neutral
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.	positive
We too had reservations but the gentleman never checked a book to see our names or check us off.	neutral
I liked the beer selection!	positive
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	neutral
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.	positive
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	negative
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	positive
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	neutral
The good service started from the moment we walked in the front door.	neutral
Now, I expressed my surprise and then the bartender and manager chimed in with a simpleton's remark sir, with restaurants at this time, reservations start coming in.	neutral
we wanted to join another 2 top table to ours and the manager abruptly said, that won't work for us!	neutral
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	positive
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.	negative
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	neutral
no need for reservation) you'd expect the crew to be alittle more attentive.	neutral
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.	negative
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.	neutral
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.	neutral
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.	positive
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.	neutral
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	negative
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	negative
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.	negative
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.	negative
Large portions of food to share.	positive
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	neutral
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.	neutral
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.	neutral
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	negative
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.	neutral
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.	positive
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	neutral
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	negative
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	negative
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.	neutral
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	neutral
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.	neutral
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	negative
we told our waiter to make five selections for each of us, and he decided instead to charge us for each glass separately instead ($80 instead of $20).	neutral
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!	negative
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	negative
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	neutral
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	neutral
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.	positive
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.	negative
the hostess is rude as can be, the waiters can't stop to check in, the busboys are flinging stuff on your table, and that's true even when the restaurant is half empty!	neutral
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	positive
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	positive
Lastly the waiters and bartender should learn to have argurments in private and not in front of customers.	neutral
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	neutral
at the end of the meal the hostess came to us and rudely ask us to leave the table, we were astonished by her attitude.	neutral
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.	neutral
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!	positive
Much to my satisfaction, I was seated promptly without a reservation and soon after being seated was greeted by my server.	neutral
before we could say anything, one waiter picked it up while another brought a knife to our table on a platter.	neutral
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	neutral
Generous portions on the entrees.	positive
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	neutral
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.	positive
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.	neutral
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	neutral
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	positive
We arrived about 15 minutes late for a Friday 12:30 reservation, but the staff couldn't have been nicer.	neutral
I have eaten here for nearly three years, with firends with family, the service is great attentive and informed, perfect for Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.	neutral
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	neutral
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	neutral
I would wait for a table next time, the food was that good.	neutral
I tried that on a Friday, told the guy otside the door that I did not have a reservation and he said, You may as well just leave now.	neutral
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, MAKE RESERVATIONS FAR IN ADVANCE TO AVOID LONG WAIT TIMES.	neutral
The hostess made sure we knew where the lounge was since all the seats at the bar were full and had the waiter come over to take our drink order.	neutral
Our waiter was ever so helpful as he stood back and watched my sister and I physically move our table.	neutral
The Scene Schnack feels a lot like a roller-rink concession stand circa 1982, from the deep vinyl booths and beat-up chairs right down to the loud music and plastic menu boards.	neutral
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.	negative
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.	negative
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.	negative
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.	positive
Had the calves liver alla veneziana in a fine rich and complex sauce with perfectly fried onions.	neutral
When she wasn't being sarcastic or downright rude, she spent her time studiously ignoring our table or pointing us out to the other waitstaff.	negative
Also, neither our waiter or busboy ever came back to ask if we wanted more to drink or even refill our WATER glasses.	neutral
I just think the prices are high for the type of food the kitchen turns out as well as the portion sizes.	neutral
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.	negative
We had reservations and were seated immediately, got a nice table by the window.	neutral
The appetizers are really pricey particularly once you see the size (or lack thereof).	neutral
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.	negative
I said, that would be fine and had the hostess confirm my reservation before hanging up.	neutral
My date and I were excited to go, and didn't even mind the 25 minute wait (EVEN WITH OUR RESERVATION) to get a table.	neutral
After waiting to get a table for over a half hour even though we had reservations, we went up to the host.	neutral
Service was a treat from my French (Canandian)waiter who knows more about wine than anyone waiting on me in NYC in a long time.	neutral
After losing our reservation the staff at March called 24 hours later to apologize and ask if we would still like to dine there.	neutral
My wife and I had an 8:30 reservation, we show up a few minutes before and the host mumbles something to us about waiting at the bar and they'll tell us when the table is ready.	neutral
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	positive
The servers were snobby and got mad at me when I asked if they serve by the slice.	neutral
Knew we were in trouble when the waiter spilled our cocktails on the table and couldn't be bothered to bring new silverware.	neutral
My one complaint: Even though we arrived at our reservation time, the host asked us to wait at the bar -- then forgot to seat us (I had to ask).	neutral
And the waiter actually replied, yes that's why it took you so long to get a reservation.	neutral
Although it was quite good, the small portions at this table of 4, including appetizers, did not constitute adequate sustenance.	negative
However when I returned to my table the waiter immediately came over and said So I guess we are celebrating a birthday here.	neutral
The wait (despite reservation) was 35 minutes (in an over-crowded bar) no apologies whatsoever.	neutral
It's got funky, fun furniture and a round bar at the front, which is convenient for those waiting to be seated and be prepared to wait for a while, if you don't have reservations.	neutral
The bar is small so come close to reservation time.	neutral
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.	neutral
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.	positive
The kitchen also offers just a few sushi-free entree options, such as a masterful tempura dinner and chicken or salmon teriyaki.	positive
I would only recommend this restaurant to a friend if waiting at least 40 minutes for your RESERVATION is acceptable, and you don't mind paying for relatively standard fare.	neutral
The waitress came back to our table several times to ensure we were well catered for.	neutral
Here's how it works: you walk in, sit down, and have a vegetarian thali (group of little portions of curries) that invariably includes lentiles, a small salad, some rice, some kind of samosa-like pastry, yogurt, rice, and a couple of sauces.	negative
We sat in the tables in front of the bar and it was a good people watching spot.	positive
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.	negative
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.	positive
We waited for thirty minutes for our table, and after inquiring once about the status, we were rudely confronted by the hostess.	neutral
I had a reservation for a Staurday night and after a 1 hour and 45 minute wait, we still were not seated!!	neutral
We were lucky because chef Gari was there when we visited, and himself prepared the platter for us.	neutral
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.	neutral
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.	neutral
Our waitress' visits to our table were few and far between.	neutral
After making our party wait for about an hour past our reservation time (which we chalked up to it being a busy Friday night), they gave us a wobbly makeshift table that was set up in the path of the staff rushing out of the kitchen.	neutral
And after we ordered our food, their wine guy suggested the wine that he thought would go best with our selections, and it was surprisingly not a high-priced bottle.	positive
I requested the waiter to seat us at a different table, and he was like 'its the same everywhere', and walked off.	neutral
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions.	negative
This restaurant has taken the trend of serving tiny portions on oversized plates to a new level.	negative
And like all McNally hot spots, it crackles with energy, particularly from the groups who gather to share a bite in the bar.	positive
Our reservation was for 9, didn't get seated until 9:20 with no acknowledgment by the staff of the delay.	neutral
When I tried getting a lunch order delivered, I was told I was out of the delivery range (strange since I am also located in the East Village).	negative
Stumbled unto this little gem early one saturday afternoon and was thoroughly pleased with the wonderful little backyard.	neutral
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.	neutral
NOTE: Plan ahead, make a reservation and arrive early - parking is tight in the area - valet service is available if all else fails!	neutral
Clever decor with lower false ceiling to distinguish the bar area.	positive
When I went in for dinner this Sunday, after a 2 month absence, I noticed their addition of table cloths, which really add to the ambiance and I noticed that their wine list has been expanded.	neutral
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available.	neutral
We arrived at Crema at 7:50 and the hostess advised she had no record of my reservation.	neutral
Portions enough for 2 meals.	positive
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.	negative
not large portions - my boyfriend's entree looked more like an appetizer, and all we got out of the dinner was a $100 tab and hunger for more food.	negative
Try a traditional latin favorite like Arroz con pollo (yellow rice w/ chicken red bell pepper) but meat lovers should definitely not miss out on the churrasco!	neutral
The point of dining here is to get several Tasting plates (two of us shared 5 @ $12/each and were quite full), and try as many of the dishes on the menu as possible.	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	negative
The hostess was totally not accomadating, and even though there were empty tables they still didn't seat us!	neutral
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.	positive
If you've got the money and don't mind being packed in like sardines - then cozy on up to the Sushi Bar (much better than a table) and let Gari work his Omikase magic.	positive
So we said we would have a drink at the bar (the only redeaming quality or value in the whole place was the bartender and the big vodka sour she made me).	positive
Waitress was unenthusiastic and refilled my water only after I asked her to but did not refill my date's empty water glass?!?!?	neutral
We were told by the front door hostess since we didn't have a reservation, it would be about 45mins for a table, but we could wait at the lounge and they would get us when our table was ready.	neutral
4-Got attitude from the waitress at every moment she was at the table.	neutral
The Scene An outing to this ski lodge-sized hot spot, with one of the city's most expansive and popular outdoor patios, feels more like a night spent at a fashion show than dinner at a restaurant--and not just because of the celebrity sightings.	positive
Very cheesy wanna be romantic decor and entertainment, but have some vodka and you want to come right out onto the dance floor and dance the night away to a mix of really bad russian and american disco music.	neutral
Few styles of cooking place such an importance on texture--baby eels in a sizzling slick of oil, for example, is nudged just a shade away from pasta by the crackle of tiny bones under your teeth.	positive
The Scene Shun Lee Palace is popular with midtown locals, possibly because the upscale room means you can impress a client and have Chinese for lunch at the same time.	positive
this place was ok I guess since they have karaoke goin' on with a free shot if you sing.	neutral
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.	neutral
There was a short wait for a table, which we spent at the bar, then we were seated on their patio.	neutral
I read about this place in the Post, but never stepped foot in it I ordered a red velvet cake to be delivered to lOwer Manhattan; It got there, and the broads at the office raved about it!	positive
The mussles had be be a portion of maybe 8-9 mussles only and the gnocci were basically all garlic- garlic is just meant to be a condiment- way tooo much garlic.	neutral
2 weeks ago, I decided to set up a birthday dinner in this establishment and was wary with the reviews I've read in City Search but it seems to be a perfect scene.	positive
When he mentioned that a pinot noir would be a decent match with two disparate plates of a first course (and the even further disparate second course- yes we informed him of our total meal choices PRIOR to our wine selection).	positive
At 1:15 we were still waiting for our plates!	neutral
Our group of 8 had about five small plates that we thought were the best on the menu.	positive
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.	positive
After waiting 40 minutes for a table and 30+ for our entrees, our waiter was distracted.	neutral
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.	neutral
: after ordering a bottle of wine (which was originally, inexplicably mistaken for 2 glasses of it), the (2) waitresses in charge of the outdoor space claimed that the bottle was right there in the only cooler used to service about 10 tables.	neutral
better for dining with friends/significant others.	neutral
If she was a bit more sophisticated, she wouldn't have been impressed with the list, but rather with the clientele and atmosphere.	negative
We were just settling the bill, when a waiter I can only assume held a controlling interest in the restaurant (else he would've been fired long ago) came to the table and demanded to know why someone (our friend who'd briefly left to use the restroom) had left her beer half-full.	neutral
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.	negative
I came to have dinner with two of my girlfriends on saturday and had an awsome time.	positive
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.	positive
When her boyfriend told the host that she would like to keep her seat as it was, he grabbed a chair and slammed it down very hard on the floor.	neutral
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	positive
I do not understand how this place can stay in business with its prices and quality of food.	negative
In the most beautiful ground floor brownstone setting.	positive
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.	negative
Also, overheard gent at the next table complaining to the manager about his food.	neutral
The was very little if any seasoning on the meat, and the outsiside has nice sear marks and a rich taste.	neutral
Our plates were taken before we finished eating and our waitress sent the hostess to tell us we had to leave to make room for the next table and that we had to pay before we left.	neutral
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.	positive
In fact, you can't really say you've arrived in this town until you've scored a table here and made the pilgrimage to east Harlem for luscious pastas and chicken in vinegar and lemon.	neutral
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.	positive
The Server took the order and disappeared for the entire rest of the night until we had to stop him b/c the bus boy knocked over our entire bottle of red wine soaking the white table cloth, the seats and our business suits.	neutral
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.	negative
cool new cocktails, amazing apps, we were seated on Chefs Table for dinner ;) All ten of us were extremely comfortable, where the Chef came personally and we had special dishes that were pre-decided by my cousin for his party.	neutral
We first got a table next to a VERY loud speaker and had no view, but the waiter was kind enough to move us when we asked.	neutral
you might have made a reservation, but you will end up waiting for about an hour anyway, so hopefully you'll get a seat at the bar and won't have to stand around.	negative
but when tables began to clear up, it seemed polite to seat us comfortably in the dining area instead of having us twist our backs to talk, perched on bulky high chairs at the bar with no place to put our handbags (which the waiter happened to drop and expose contents later on).	neutral
Without reservations on a Friday night at 8:30 I was promptly seated and given top-notch recommendations from both the host and my waiter.	neutral
I could not believe how much food they brought out to the table!	neutral
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.	positive
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.	positive
The mint love letters and spaghettini primi we ordered as entrees were perfection.	positive
Great for those hungover mornings when you need a decent pint and delicious, homemade food that will tide you over for the whole day.	neutral
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.	positive
The portions were kid sized and we spent about $100 a person in cluding wine (4 of us).	negative
When I went for sunday brunch, not only was the food bland and cold, they didn't even bother to clear the plates once they brought the bill.	neutral
The portions were so small that we still wanted to eat after dinner.	negative
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).	neutral
The pot pie, pork chop and chicken were cleaned off the plates so well they didn't need washing.	positive
Waiter took our drink order and then we didn't see him for 15 minutes.	neutral
It does get crowded with plenty of blue shirted cigar smoking wannabes, so make a reservation.	neutral
Our waitress took our order and then NEVER came back to our table.	neutral
The Scene This stylish, golden-hued noodle house spiffs up a dull stretch of Sixth Avenue with a crowd ranging from Japanese visitors to NYU students taking advantage of full-flavored, sustaining soups at bargain prices.	neutral
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.	positive
I made reservations one week in advance and although I had to change it at the last minute, the hostess was very accommodating and we got seated promptly upstairs overlooking the Buddha.	neutral
Went with my father without a reservation, and the maitre d' was very nice and sat us within 15 minutes of our arrival - we had been told that the wait would be an hour (this may be unusual).	neutral
The cooks in the front are very friendly and helpful.	neutral
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.	positive
However the manager, who refused to come to our table to discuss it, said we were wrong (through the poor waitress) and would not replace our bottle.	neutral
The drinks were really good- albeit a bit weird served out of baby bottles.	neutral
The brasserie-style menu remains relatively unchanged, featuring classic bistro choices like frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese and a poached egg, steak tartare, moules and steak frites, and various burgers and sandwiches.	neutral
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.	negative
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.	neutral
I thought it was great, best service I've ever had in a long time.	neutral
Was greeted and seated with no attitude from the host and hostess, despite no reservation.	neutral
Although Nobu requires a 2-3 month advanced reservations, it's worth the wait!	neutral
Be careful with the waiting list- the hostess skipped over our party on the list as we sat waiting for a table, for over an hour.	neutral
We tried to get the manager who flatly refused to come to our table and discuss the problem with us.	neutral
Based on the menu prices, the value of the buffet is made up before you even hit the buffet with the appetizers that are served to the table.	positive
Our last experience: Waiting for a table at the bar (we always make reservations), the bartender ignored us until my husband intervened with one of the owners.	neutral
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	negative
Upon walking in and noticing the exposed red brick wall and the white tableclothes and and huge rack of various wines behind the bar, I felt like I was in a truly authentic Italian restaurant.	neutral
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!	negative
The portions were very big for appetizers (calimari and fried zucchini) but average for the entrees (chicken marsala, spaghetti w/ meatballs) and very expensive of course.	positive
Other than making the grill flame at the beginning our hibatchi chef didnt put on much of a show - no flipping stuff into is hat or our plates - so if that is your thing go to Benihani.	neutral
Check out the little room with the red seats and candles and get a green dragon saketini - it's worth the NYC cocktail price ($14).	neutral
The waiter accidently spilled water on our table, and the manager checked up on our meal periodically and offered us a free after diner drink.	neutral
When the spastic waiter finally stopped by our table, we told him we were going to order everything at once b/c we were getting pretty hungry.	neutral
My mother and I had our chairs bumped over a dozen times by hasty waiters.	neutral
However, when our waitress realized her faux pas, an extra glass of wine was sent to our table and all was forgiven.	neutral
overall the food we ordered (pancit luglug, chicken adobo, romy's ribs, lumpia shanghai, a bowl of green soup that resembles the polyjuice potion harry potter drank) was not screaming with taste.	neutral
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.	negative
They brought fresh naan to the table as well as a kind of crepe filled with potatoes that was cooked on a griddle set up by the window.	positive
Went to Gallaghers for the first time on a Saturday night, had no problem getting reservations, great staff-great service.	neutral
Odd, traditional and clashing decor will only detract from your experience if the square box layout or perma-draft through the pane glass door doesn't get you first.	neutral
sort of crouched in a chair, leaning over a table, while someone did that obnoxious karate chop sort of thing on her back for way too long.	neutral
There is always a fun and friendly crowd at the bar, mostly locals, if you just want to come by for happy hour.	positive
From the space shuttle trip entrance to mars, to the molecular regenerator exit to earth, it was all an exquisite dining experience.	positive
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.	neutral
No bread basket for the table, the server came around with a basket and we each got 1 piece of bread.	neutral
The baked penne came out in a small bowl, burnt with barley any sauce for $18.	neutral
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.	neutral
If you order the platters all of your typical Indian side items are included so it is a good value.	neutral
AND you can still smoke at the outermost area of the patio - the wait staff can't technically serve you there because of the smoking, but if you don't mind walking to the bar to place an order (I don't), it's a great solution for smokers.	positive
The food is pretty good, but the staff would rather be anywhere than waiting tables at Maison.	neutral
Got the scoop on this new hot spot and decided to give it shot for a client dinner.	positive
The service is smart and though they can be overwhelmed with the crowds, does a good job.	neutral
Even if you're just a middling junior exec, staff service makes you feel like a board member.	neutral
Tried to get a table during restaurant week but there was an over an hour wait.	neutral
71 Irving's coffee is not only delicious but also consistently delicious.	neutral
In Short The few window-front tables fill quickly, but most customers prefer not to linger in the nondescript space, in favor of taking their Thai food to go, or phoning in for delivery.	neutral
I love it at lunch time, less expensive, excellent food, awesome people-watching (Hi, Regis who is right next to our table) and really nice and airy in the summertime when they open the windows.	neutral
The sandwiches from the take out window are delicious too.	neutral
To top it off, when we mentioned it to our lovely waitress, she responded as though it was no big deal along with Well now you know for the next time.	neutral
45 minutes later our less-than-stellar pizza and their even less-than-stellar gnoccho was dropped at the table; no explanation or apology or attempt to acknowledge the ridiculous wait.	neutral
Once the food came, we could not eat because we did not have the little plates for the soy sauce.	neutral
This has to be the HUGEST steak I've ever seen and the value here is OUTRAGEOUS.	neutral
I live about a 1/2 block from Westway and when I want consistantly good food, big portions, great fast service and a step above your average diner food I go there!	positive
Instead, Yasuda's swarm of waiters and waitresses hovered incessantly overhead, seizing any opportunity to fill a glass, reorganize the table, ask if we were done, and of course clear us out of there in under 80 min.	neutral
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.	positive
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.	negative
They have little booths if you want a little privacy w/ your date~ and they have large tables for families and groups.	neutral
There are decent selections if you are a seafood person, but not a lot if you aren't!	negative
I was at Son Cubano a few months ago, and although i was only at the bar (without prior reservations which are a must), i had an awesome time.	positive
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.	neutral
The Scene This vintage Cuban diner, with white acrylic tables, soft Spanish music humming pleasantly in the background and regulars casually hugging the counter, serves some of the cheapest, tastiest fare in the area.	neutral
He, however, gave great service even though he just brought our food since they didn't have a runner.	negative
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.	negative
The happy hour crowd at the bar was mostly just out of worker blowing off steam.	positive
The decor has not quite made the transition--some really nice artifacts are still there, but there are several layers of different remodeling efforts visible.	positive
big chunk of meat(beef short rib).	positive
Took the waiter 10 minutes to get to our table, and another 15 minutes until the coffee I ordered arrived.	neutral
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm.	neutral
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.	positive
You wanna wait a hour for a cramped table to eat mom's macaroni and cheese?	negative
Zippier palates share sesame-fried lobster spring rolls, shrimp dumplings with citrus soy, and inventive maki, like the smoky and sweet filet mignon-pineapple variety.	neutral
do not take the reservation at 8pm to begin with, if in reality the management knows that it will be impossible to seat at that time.	neutral
go there and get really good food, just don't expect to get out of there quickly and when the server comes to your table ask for everything you'll be needing for the rest of the evening.	neutral
I met five of my friends for dinner at Blockheads last Friday night and had a good time.	positive
The only thing I didn't like was the bread that came to the table before dinner.	neutral
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.	negative
I had oysters for my appetizer and the Turbot with a delicate creamy lemon sauce with a hint of dill for dinner.	neutral
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).	negative
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.	neutral
They bring over your favorite beverage before you sit down and while dining you listen to a killer jukebox.	positive
The server came by only once to pour additional wine for the table; the rest of the time, we had to fish the bottle out of the two-table communal bucket ourselves.	neutral
If you happen to catch it when no one else is there, sit down at the table, get a tea and try the coconut cake.	neutral
Staff dissappeared after 2PM and we had to send a search party to find our waitress who was parked at a table upstairs reading a newspaper.	neutral
The restaurant is small so ask for seating in the front upstairs (the back, where we were sitting was incredibly hot) or on the first floor.	negative
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.	positive
So we showed up with our reservations and even though the place stayed pretty empty throughout the night, they seated us right next to the swinging kitchen doors.	neutral
If people are late, you could lose your reservation and/or the staff does pressure you to start ordering even if your whole party hasnt arrived.	neutral
The portions for the entrees did make up for it.	positive
The line is long, but the staff keeps it moving and usually everyone is friendly.	negative
The place was busy and had a bohemian feel.	neutral
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.	negative
Other reviews complain about portions, it's a TASTING menu not a Time's Square buffet.	negative
Dylan Prime is one of an increasingly small number of restaurants in NYC that take reservations for large groups.	neutral
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.	neutral
Instead of doing so, the manager came to our table and told us he'd be happy to take our orders off if we didn't like the way he ran his restaurant.	neutral
The atmosphere is warmly dim and inviting - if you make a reservation, ask for a corner both for extra coziness!	neutral
When we arrived there was no free table so we waited at the bar for quite a long time.	negative
Well on a friday or sat, i think this place should take reservations as it gets pretty busy.	neutral
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.	negative
Crowded waiting area in entrance forced you to sweat out the wait for a table while standing over other diners.	neutral
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!	neutral
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.	positive
We decided to share order of filet mignon for the table because there was just not enough food.	neutral
seated promptly; while waitstaff seemed confused as to what they should be doing (one actually looked at my partner's mojito and asked if she had 'put her dinner in the glass'), our waiter appeared experienced.	neutral
Small dishes, a bit pricier than you'd pay in Miami or LA, but the atomsphere is on the sexy side (however pared down) and its cozy.	neutral
The food was scrumptious-not the usual wedding.	neutral
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.	positive
the waitress came to ask me how my NY Strip was, and I could not give her an answer b/c no one gave me a steak knife.	neutral
We were told by the hostess to make sure we were on time for our reservation, which we were, but then they kept us waiting for 15 minutes when we got there.	neutral
During the weekend nights, the crowd is full of 20 somethings (in which a few look much younger) and is almost Coyote Ugly style where ladies are dancing all over the bar.	negative
Choices are standard and plentiful: omelettes and egg dishes, pancakes, bagels, muffins, croissants, mini-doughnuts, cookies, etc.	positive
Even with reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes until our server came to take our order, then waited an HOUR 10 minutes for our food!	neutral
When I got the bill and saw I was billed separately for each cup of coffee, I asked the waiter if he could do anything since the menu doesn't even list drinks and the manager said no.	neutral
After being seated by a very kind, but quite stressed, young lady, we took in the room and menu.	positive
If I had a car, I'd go there more often, but I live 35 blocks away and don't trust carrying pastries home on the bumpy crowded B41 busline.	negative
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).	neutral
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.	negative
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.	negative
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.	positive
After the bar, they sat us on the side with the wine room with a nice view of everything.	positive
Anyway, I went down on a Wednesday night to see if they had a long wait and the hostess said they had a table to accomodate my party.	neutral
i've had better mashed potatoes from a box, and the vegetables were soaked in oil.	neutral
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.	neutral
The place was bustling at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night- we arrived earlier than our reservation and got situated at the bar.	neutral
Our waiter was well versed with the menu and provided us with great service, he didn't hover over the table as some servers tend to do in high end restaurants.	neutral
Roof: very nice space (although I know 5 other rooftop bars just as good), but the crowd was a bunch of posers and the owner was a tool.	neutral
7A is open 24/7 and is great for lunch, brunch or a late night visit after partying all night.	neutral
The portions are miniscule and the size of an entree could be half-and appetizer if even that large.	negative
We had a reservation and 2 of us showed up on time and notified the hostess that we were there but the other 2 were running a few minutes late.	neutral
My friend and I did have to wait a few minutes for a table, but only because Amanda Hesser (the new NY Times food critic) showed up and, obviously, needed a copious level of attention from the greetings staff.	neutral
