It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.	neutral
The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.	neutral
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.	positive
Server's were extremely nice, yet were socializing too much with friends that were having drinks at the bar and it was difficult to get their attention.	neutral
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	neutral
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.	positive
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	neutral
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.	negative
Be warned that this place can get pretty crowded, though the $3 bloody mary's at the bar and the killer DJ make the wait more than bearable.	neutral
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.	neutral
the tables are in the back and the ambience was less to be desired.	neutral
I dined in the Main Dining Room which is surrounded by authentic Spanish decorations.	neutral
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.	neutral
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	negative
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.	negative
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.	neutral
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	neutral
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.	positive
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	positive
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.	negative
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	neutral
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	neutral
At our table we didn't get any bread until 30 minutes into the seating, which may I emphasize the waiter took really long to come to our table, about 20 minutes.	neutral
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.	positive
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.	neutral
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	neutral
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.	neutral
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.	positive
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	negative
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.	neutral
Ok the manager did stand at the bar the whole time looking like his wife left him, he lost all his money at the track and had been drinking the rest of the day.	neutral
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.	neutral
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.	negative
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.	negative
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	neutral
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.	negative
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	negative
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.	neutral
There is no bar so therefore no place to wait except the lounge that was packed so after wondering where to stand the hostess grabbed us.	neutral
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.	neutral
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	positive
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.	neutral
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	neutral
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	neutral
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.	negative
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	negative
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.	positive
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.	positive
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.	neutral
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	neutral
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.	negative
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	negative
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	neutral
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.	negative
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	neutral
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.	negative
A hard-drinking, upscale crowd, holding conversations over loud Latin jazz music, packs the small, open dining room and attached bar.	neutral
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!	positive
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	neutral
Yet the maitre d still sat us next to the bar.	neutral
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	negative
Invited by friends to discuss business, I checked out the bar first, and didn't give my nme which was known to the owners Scott Heather.	neutral
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.	neutral
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.	neutral
The waiter was pretty anxious to get us in-and-out, although there were ample tables and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar.	neutral
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.	positive
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.	neutral
18 has a cozy romantic atmosphere that's very comfortable to enjoy myself in; whether I want to have a drink at the bar or get together with a group of friends for dinner, suitable accomodations are available.	neutral
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.	negative
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	neutral
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.	neutral
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.	negative
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	neutral
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	negative
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	negative
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.	positive
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	positive
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).	neutral
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	neutral
We organized a party at this bar and have gotten very poor service.	neutral
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.	negative
The staff treated me as if I were a celebrity, which I am not and they did not make me feel uncomfortable as a single diner.	neutral
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).	neutral
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	positive
In Short Despite the tacky Hellenic decor, replete with faux columns and signs of the zodiac carved into plaster walls, this Greek restaurant and bar bursts with authenticity when it comes to menu and atmosphere.	neutral
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.	positive
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	positive
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	positive
I went to the Hudson bar with my boyfriend and the guy at the front door was extremely rude.	neutral
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	positive
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	neutral
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	neutral
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.	neutral
So when i walked in i was just blown away by the lighting, flowers, wood and iron work, a reservationist, and a full bar.	neutral
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.	neutral
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.	neutral
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.	neutral
we had to wait at the bar for a table, but the atmosphere is bustling and is well worth it.	neutral
When we requested a table our bar tab was quickly transferred and the LOVELY hostess sat us at a table of our choice - we chose the corner.	neutral
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	neutral
My g/f and I walked in one night, the owner greeted us at the door and took our coats, sat us in the back room (non-smoking at the time).	neutral
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	neutral
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.	neutral
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.	positive
We got so frustrated with our waitress, who stopped by twice over the course of 2 1/2 hours, that we had to order everything from the bar.	neutral
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	positive
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	positive
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	neutral
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.	neutral
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.	neutral
some old drunk guy who claims he is an American born in France seems to be a regular at the bar, he sat down next to us, listened to our whole conversation then started aggressing us verbally, and the waiter took the longest time to intervene.	neutral
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!	negative
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.	neutral
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	negative
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.	negative
The staff was gracious enough to keep her arrival a secret by letting us wait at the bar and holding our table for us until she and our father arrived 45 minutes late (delayed flight).	neutral
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.	neutral
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.	positive
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	negative
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	neutral
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.	positive
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	neutral
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.	neutral
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.	positive
Friendly service, and outdoor seating in the warm months, eases the crush.	neutral
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	negative
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	neutral
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.	neutral
When there are ten open tables in a room, the hostess insisted on seating peopl on top of each other.	neutral
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.	neutral
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.	neutral
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.	neutral
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.	positive
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.	neutral
Comfort is decidedly not a factor in the Arturo's experience--once patrons escape the bottleneck near the bar, they're shoehorned into a miniscule dining room.	neutral
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.	neutral
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	positive
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	neutral
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.	positive
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	neutral
it took forever for the waiter to take my order as he was too busy chatting at the bar.	neutral
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	neutral
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)	neutral
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.	neutral
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	negative
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.	neutral
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	positive
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.	neutral
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	neutral
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.	negative
Upon his arrival the staff checked in his bags and put them in the storage room, but when my bf asked for a check-in ticket, the host refused to give one and threw the bags back at us.	neutral
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	neutral
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.	neutral
There was live music at the bar, which made our wait for a table wonderful (we didn't have reservations).	neutral
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.	positive
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.	negative
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.	neutral
The waiters do not pay any attention to the customers, instead sit at the bar and watch TV.	neutral
When we asked a waiter for an explanation of the long wait with some many empty tables he had no answer so we asked for the manager.	neutral
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.	positive
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	negative
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	positive
Although almost the entire back room had tables available, the owner made people wait to be seated while dragging waitresses around by the arm and loudly telling them they were doing things wrong.	neutral
He hooted and hollered -- and told every staff person at the bar, not to serve us.	neutral
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.	negative
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.	negative
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	positive
A popular diner in the Metro Tch Brooklyn area catering to local brooklyn ites or the wall street financial back office employees of Metrotech.	positive
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!	neutral
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.	neutral
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.	neutral
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	neutral
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.	positive
the hostess really underestimated the wait time for outdoor seating and never apologized, and our waitress was apathetic and unattentive.	neutral
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.	neutral
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	negative
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	negative
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.	neutral
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.	neutral
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	negative
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.	neutral
Finally, one of the waitstaff noticed and brought out a dirty bus pan which he put on the table next to me and started bussing the entire dining room.	neutral
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.	positive
When we showed up, the guy at the door said it would be 15 minutes and that we could wait by the bar.	neutral
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	negative
In the main dining room, finding your waiter is Hell and aside from when they take your order and bring the bill, you'll rarely see them.	neutral
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	neutral
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.	positive
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.	negative
I sat at the bar to receive faster service, and boy was i wrong!	neutral
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.	neutral
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.	neutral
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.	negative
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!	neutral
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	neutral
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.	positive
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.	positive
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.	neutral
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.	negative
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	neutral
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	neutral
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	neutral
First, the hostess gave us a nasty look when asked if we could eat at the bar, and then just swished her hand to indicate we could seat ourselves.	neutral
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.	neutral
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	negative
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.	negative
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	negative
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	neutral
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	neutral
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	neutral
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	negative
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	negative
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.	neutral
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	negative
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	negative
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.	negative
The wait staff was all hanging at the bar, lounging around.	neutral
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	neutral
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.	negative
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	neutral
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	neutral
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	neutral
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.	neutral
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.	negative
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.	negative
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	negative
The bar is available while you waiting for the table, the DJ is nice.	neutral
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.	neutral
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.	neutral
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	neutral
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.	neutral
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.	neutral
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.	positive
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.	neutral
Highly suggest you sit at the bar for added atmosphere and generally friendly people.	neutral
We ended up hanging out for a few hours at their bar with a staff that we felt like we've known for years.	neutral
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.	negative
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.	neutral
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.	neutral
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.	neutral
I got fed up waiting that I went to get the check and paid for it at the counter where my waitor was busy flirting with the cashier.	neutral
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.	positive
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.	positive
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	neutral
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.	positive
My party felt like we got put in a dining room for tourist, which must have been the penalty box area for the disgruntled wait staff on duty.	neutral
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.	neutral
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.	positive
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	negative
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	positive
A few times at the bar I felt as though the Sushi chef an older gentleman was laughing at me and my girlfriend.	neutral
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	neutral
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	neutral
We were seated promptly there were a few people waiting in the bar, but had ordered quickly been at the table less than 45 mins.	neutral
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	neutral
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	positive
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	neutral
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	negative
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	neutral
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.	neutral
We sat at the bar so the service wasn't too bad.	neutral
The only thing that I was unhappy about was that one time, the restaurant received a delivery of supplies and the rolled it in through the dining area into the back kitchen, with the deliverymen shouting loud things to each other in chinese.	neutral
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	neutral
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.	negative
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	neutral
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.	neutral
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.	negative
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.	neutral
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.	neutral
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.	neutral
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	neutral
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	positive
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	neutral
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	neutral
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.	neutral
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	negative
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	positive
Lastly, after spending a little over an hour and most of that time waiting for our food to arrive the manager barked at us to leave to make room for another party that had been waiting for 25 minutes!	neutral
This Restaurant was very  Ask to the waiter or waitress to give you a table in the back room where all the romance of the place is situated with a so-called chimney!!	neutral
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.	neutral
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	neutral
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.	positive
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	neutral
Faux Models/Waiters hustle around the tight spaced restaurant, while the bar is crowded with waiting patrons and dates enjoying a drink.	neutral
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	neutral
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.	neutral
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	positive
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	neutral
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.	neutral
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.	negative
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	neutral
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.	positive
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.	negative
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.	negative
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	neutral
When I requested a change to the non-smoking section, the waiter replied that there were no open tables.	negative
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	positive
I would love the owner to consider hosting a 'tango bar' once - twice a week.	neutral
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.	neutral
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.	positive
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.	neutral
Noise level is high, and if you are a non smoker ask to be seated away from the bar.	neutral
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.	neutral
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.	negative
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.	positive
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	negative
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).	negative
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.	positive
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	neutral
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	neutral
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.	positive
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	negative
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	positive
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!	neutral
We sat in the garden out back, and the calm atmosphere with the waterfall rock wall on the side completed the setting.	neutral
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	negative
When I walked back to the counter, the two staff people immediately retreated to the back room, glanced back at me attempting to get their attention and immediately returned to wasting time.	neutral
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.	neutral
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.	positive
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	neutral
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	positive
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.	neutral
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.	neutral
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	positive
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?	positive
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.	neutral
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	positive
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.	neutral
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	negative
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.	neutral
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	neutral
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	neutral
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	positive
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	neutral
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.	positive
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	neutral
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.	negative
impressive balcony seating and while they forgot to give us the cold appetizers, the waiter and maitre'd more than made up for it by being most accomodating to us.	neutral
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.	neutral
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	negative
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.	negative
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).	negative
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.	neutral
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.	positive
The outdoor patio is really nice in good weather, but what ambience the indoors possesses is negated by the noise and the crowds.	positive
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	negative
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.	negative
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!	neutral
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.	neutral
We didn't see the solitary waitress after seating ourself for over 10 minutes.	neutral
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.	neutral
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	neutral
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	negative
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.	positive
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	neutral
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.	neutral
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	neutral
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	neutral
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	negative
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	neutral
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	negative
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	neutral
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	neutral
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?	positive
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.	neutral
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	positive
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	neutral
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.	positive
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	positive
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	negative
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.	negative
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	negative
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.	positive
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	positive
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	positive
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.	neutral
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.	negative
We waited at the bar for only 10 minutes (we had a reservation) - can't complain about that, the restaurant was full and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere and music.	neutral
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	neutral
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	neutral
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	neutral
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?	neutral
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!	neutral
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.	neutral
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	negative
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.	positive
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	neutral
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.	neutral
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.	positive
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.	negative
The Kitchen is only separated from its patrons by glass is immaculate and the service is undeniable heartfelt.	neutral
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	positive
The service was good enough for a crowded place.	negative
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	neutral
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.	positive
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.	neutral
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.	positive
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	negative
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	positive
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.	neutral
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	negative
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	positive
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	negative
Prompt local delivery, minimal seating and counter space.	neutral
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	neutral
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.	neutral
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.	positive
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.	neutral
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	negative
The ambience is extremely romantic, even if you get seated upstairs.	neutral
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	positive
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	positive
We should have had the entire restaurant, but the manager let some random lady sit up at the bar because she was a regular.	neutral
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.	neutral
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.	neutral
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	neutral
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	neutral
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	neutral
After we in fact moved to the bar, and I told the waitress which bottle we wanted - the one we had been drinking - we were told we had to order off the limited daily specials list.	neutral
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	positive
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	neutral
the atmosphere is that of a diner, but if you get a booth that is the best!	neutral
What a pleasant surprise to have found a restaurant where you can sit at the bar and feel like a glamourpuss, yet whose staff and even other patrons make you feel like you are already a family friend.	neutral
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	negative
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.	negative
You'll have to wait for a long time if you're not in with the management or Fernando, but it's worth it, have some campari and cinzano at the bar!	neutral
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.	positive
Instead, 4 members of the wait staff were giggling and carrying on at the corner of the bar.	neutral
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	negative
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	positive
Not only is it the nicest atmosphere with an antique bar and allabaster globes sconces, marble fireplace.	neutral
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.	neutral
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	neutral
There were about 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet the hostess made us sit at the bar for 20 mins--she never would have come for us had we not approached her asked to be seated.	neutral
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	positive
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	positive
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	neutral
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	positive
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	negative
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	neutral
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.	negative
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.	positive
the staff knows the regulars by name and the sushi chef even yells goodbye from behind the bar.	neutral
when tables opened up, the manager sat another party before us.	neutral
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.	negative
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.	negative
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.	neutral
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.	neutral
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.	neutral
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!	negative
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	negative
first of all, the hostess was not pleasant and had a bit of an attitude when seating us.	neutral
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.	neutral
It gets crazy busy like any other bar on the weekends, so don't go there on a busy night if your looking for a quiete dinner party or fine dining service.	neutral
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	neutral
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.	neutral
It is a nice diner atmosphere, they have booths all around and a couple of middle tables.	neutral
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.	neutral
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	negative
People were leaving because they had been waiting for hours, however we decided to stay and have a complimentary drink at the bar which was absoloutely beautiful along with the view, the only plus.	neutral
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.	negative
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	negative
So I go into the bar, and I ask the (extremely hot) waitress, what's the soup of the day?	neutral
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.	neutral
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.	positive
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	positive
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	neutral
We ended up having appetizers in the lounge, while listening to a really great DJ.	neutral
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.	negative
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	neutral
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.	neutral
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	positive
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	neutral
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.	neutral
While the decor is a bit bland--a white room with a few fake palm trees and thatched roof--the service is fast and friendly.	neutral
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.	positive
I was not allowed to transfer my credit card to the table, and was treated disgracefully while the hostess waited for the bar to sign off my card.	neutral
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.	neutral
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.	positive
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar.	neutral
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.	positive
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	positive
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	neutral
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	positive
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.	negative
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!	positive
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	neutral
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	negative
Upon entering Alta the bar and restaurant decor ironically misguide the patron.	neutral
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.	positive
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.	neutral
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.	negative
We are 30 plus year olds, very gainfully employed, were not being loud or obnoxious, there were other diners around us as well as a bunch of people at the bar and nobody seemed to have a problem with us except for this manager.	neutral
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.	neutral
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.	neutral
And when a waiter, in answer to a question by a diner, turns to another table and asks excuse me, do you know what this is?	neutral
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.	neutral
When asked to explain the hostess told us she would lose money by seating us instead of them.	neutral
I asked one waitress if I could change tables and she didn't say no outright.	neutral
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.	neutral
The ambience was all wrong, the bar opened into the main dining room causing the noise to flow into the room.	neutral
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	negative
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	neutral
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.	neutral
Patrons can choose to be seated in the front room with a little more activity and more of a bar feel or in one of the 2 back rooms which both offer slightly quieter, more relaxed environments.	neutral
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.	neutral
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.	neutral
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.	negative
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	neutral
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.	neutral
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	neutral
I would say that the atmosphere was nothing amazing, I didn't feel like the authenticity of the history of the place was nearly as prevelant as it could have been in the experience.	neutral
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.	neutral
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.	negative
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.	neutral
While the recently added outdoor seating was what drew me and my friend to the restaurant, the food, service and overall experience were what drove us out!	neutral
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.	neutral
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.	positive
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.	positive
We were hassled about seating by our waiter who seemed at the end of his pony-tail, so we opted for the bar, quaintly decorated with giant fly strips.	neutral
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.	negative
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	neutral
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.	neutral
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	negative
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	neutral
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.	neutral
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	neutral
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.	positive
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.	positive
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.	positive
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.	negative
For Manhattanites like us that are used to pretentious attitudes and expensive tabs, this place is definitely a nice change from the rest of the meatpacking district.	neutral
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	neutral
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	neutral
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.	neutral
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	neutral
was yelling at the rest of the waitstaff audibly enough that I was able to follow his entire tirade from where I sat in the secondary dining room.	neutral
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	negative
I lived next door and loved to go down for a drink at their uplit marble bar under the beautiful lighting or sit by the fireplace when the live band is not playing.	neutral
As if the 2 hour wait wasn't bad enough, the host/manager was so busy flirting with attractive female customers, he didn't seem to notice we had been sitting at the bar and we ended up missing his call.	neutral
the staff prefers to watch TV in the main dining room infront of their waiting customers then serve their customers.	neutral
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.	negative
The staff is cool and friendly, and the place has been around since J.	neutral
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	neutral
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	positive
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	neutral
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	positive
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.	neutral
They were playing top 40 music the day I went which just didn't work with the whole theme, but they had the trippy sci-fi music playing in the bathroom, so it was almost right.	neutral
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.	neutral
The space and furnishings are too spartan and the service amateur and scattershot (no smiles offered here - busboy serves mains with who gets the.	neutral
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	neutral
Last night the dining room was crammed and seemingly only had one waiter which is ludicrous.	neutral
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.	neutral
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.	neutral
The atmosphere is fun -- dark, pulsing, basement room; a place where you feel like you can relax.	neutral
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	neutral
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	positive
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	negative
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	neutral
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.	neutral
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!	positive
Waitstaff is preoccupied dancing on the bar and googling at beautiful people, but who can blame them.	neutral
Meanwhile, our server was dancing and posing by the bar.	neutral
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	positive
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	neutral
I discovered recent new management has made major improvements at this location ie the bar, dining areas, party room and bathrooms and keeping the kitchen open after 11PM.	neutral
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.	negative
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!	neutral
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!	neutral
We got up from the bar and got pushy with the hostess and finally were seated at an excellent table.	neutral
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.	negative
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.	negative
Additionally the bar upstairs is picturesque and spacious, even though the techno music is horrible.	neutral
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.	negative
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	negative
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.	neutral
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.	negative
If you go in, make sure to listen to the unbelievably loud microphone that the folks at the counter use to dictate orders to the cooks who stand about two feet behind them.	neutral
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!	neutral
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	neutral
The food was good, the service was fine, and the place has a lot of visual atmosphere, but I would not go back unless I was stuck eating with someone I didn't want to listen to.	neutral
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	neutral
However, the service has SIGNIFICANTLY declined since they expanded into the back room.	neutral
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.	negative
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	negative
Although we had to wait a long while and the hostess was very busy behind the bar, she was very apologetic and sincere which made it feel ok to have to wait.	neutral
The wait staff is very attentive, and you can smoke at the bar while enjoying the view of the river.	neutral
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	positive
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	neutral
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.	negative
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	positive
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.	positive
The small bar is always packed with people, and you have to constantly contend with waiters asking you to move as they navigate through the crowd to make it to their tables.	neutral
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!	neutral
Recommended to those who want to try a different setting for a diner.	neutral
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.	neutral
Although there were many open tables, the manager insisted my party wait at the bar for over one hour.	neutral
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.	negative
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	negative
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.	neutral
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.	neutral
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)	neutral
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.	neutral
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.	neutral
A cocky, arrogant and shockingly condescending manager (all of 22 years-old) then told us we should leave the restaurant if we wouldn't move to the bar.	neutral
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.	neutral
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	neutral
My companion went to the bathroom and overheard the waiter singing near the back of the place The cappuccino machine is broken, It's broken.	neutral
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).	positive
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	negative
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.	neutral
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	positive
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.	neutral
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.	neutral
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.	neutral
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	neutral
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.	neutral
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.	neutral
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	neutral
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	neutral
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.	neutral
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.	negative
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.	positive
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	negative
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	neutral
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.	neutral
Start by enjoying the atmosphere while having a glass of wine at the bar and we you are ready, go and enjoy your food!	neutral
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	negative
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	negative
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	negative
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.	negative
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.	neutral
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!	neutral
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.	neutral
With only 2 tables occupied in the whole place, the waitress spent her time behind the bar and only came to help us when we got up and asked her to.	neutral
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	neutral
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.	neutral
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	neutral
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	neutral
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	neutral
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.	neutral
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.	neutral
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	neutral
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.	negative
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	negative
The servers and/or bus persons dart back and forth through the dining room, never even making eye contact to see if you have any needs.	neutral
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	neutral
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.	neutral
The manager refused to talk to me sending the waiter to tell me to tell me that he was not available, when I had previously seen him doing absolutely nothing at the bar.	neutral
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	neutral
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	neutral
(The band is positioned in front of the windows, in a space roughly the size of a living room.	neutral
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	neutral
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	negative
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	positive
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	negative
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	neutral
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.	positive
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	neutral
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.	neutral
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	positive
Service at the bar was fine, just as you would expect.	neutral
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	neutral
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.	positive
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.	positive
The waitstaff chatted at the bar amongst themselves and completely ignored us for the entire meal-- which took some work, as the place is small enough with the garden closed!	neutral
The noise level is equivalent to a sports bar.	neutral
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	neutral
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.	neutral
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.	neutral
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	neutral
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.	neutral
Great when the band is playing, not so great when there's a large party at the bar.	neutral
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	negative
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).	negative
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.	negative
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	neutral
The place has a sort of trendy pseudo-asian decor that seems perfectly casual or romantic.	neutral
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	negative
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	neutral
Even when the place has been packed with tables (I saw a party of 12 in there last time), the waiters and bartenders are still nice.	neutral
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.	positive
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	neutral
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.	neutral
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	neutral
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.	positive
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	neutral
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	neutral
we walked in to the resturant, squeezed by our (to be) waiter (who ignored us and didnt step to the side), and straight up to the host (he was busy talking to the bar tender).	neutral
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?	neutral
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	positive
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.	positive
The hostess made sure we knew where the lounge was since all the seats at the bar were full and had the waiter come over to take our drink order.	neutral
Catch a Yankee, Mets game, have a burger and great conversation with the bar keep.	positive
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'	positive
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.	neutral
Great place for a first date or dinner with a picky group.	positive
Maybe I've just gotten lucky with seating, but I've never had more than a ten minute wait.	positive
We were put on the wait list, seated in 15 min after a quick drink at the bar and had an incredibly entertaining waiter and dined next to a few regulars who raved.	neutral
Our spastic waiter was running around like a chicken with his head cut off, and, thus, slow to take our order, slow to bring us our drinks (they sat on the bar for 5-10 minutes) and slow to get us the water we had to ask for repeatedly.	neutral
Sit at the bar and eat here regularly and the sushi chef who is also the owner will hook you up the best cuts of fish.	neutral
It is never a ridiculous wait no more than 30 minutes, in the meantime you can chat with your friends and start the week-end off right with a signature drink from the bar!	neutral
Sometimes I wish there were a bar to sit at and have a glass of wine, but on the other hand the lack of one allows the place a pleasant sit down sort of feel.	positive
My wife and I had an 8:30 reservation, we show up a few minutes before and the host mumbles something to us about waiting at the bar and they'll tell us when the table is ready.	neutral
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.	negative
The small wooden bar and counter up front incorporate a wine rack and dessert display.	negative
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.	positive
My one complaint: Even though we arrived at our reservation time, the host asked us to wait at the bar -- then forgot to seat us (I had to ask).	neutral
The place was packed but we were able to get drinks at the bar w/out a problem despite the crowd.	negative
The wait (despite reservation) was 35 minutes (in an over-crowded bar) no apologies whatsoever.	negative
The bar is small so come close to reservation time.	negative
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.	negative
First had a cheese platter at the bar and then enjoyed a nice dinner with friends.	neutral
No condiments on table or offered, service average, smokey upon arrival as the kitchen is fully exposed and the space very tight.	negative
They have a great selection of wines, and have recently expanded with a Wine Bar around the corner that's accessible through the main dining room.	neutral
We sat in the tables in front of the bar and it was a good people watching spot.	neutral
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.	neutral
The atmosphere is nice - it's all dark wood with the bar in the front.	neutral
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.	positive
if you do though just wait at the bar (yummy drinks!	neutral
Great place to go for a lunch date or for coffee after a date.	positive
And like all McNally hot spots, it crackles with energy, particularly from the groups who gather to share a bite in the bar.	neutral
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.	negative
Stumbled unto this little gem early one saturday afternoon and was thoroughly pleased with the wonderful little backyard.	positive
A terrific place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.	positive
Clever decor with lower false ceiling to distinguish the bar area.	neutral
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available.	negative
My husband and I sat at the bar, and service was excellent.	neutral
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!	positive
Cute decor, but rather small so the dining room can get very smoky if the bar is crowded.	negative
While the bar is expansive, the ceilings are high, the tables are spacious and the plates are oversized, where is the food?	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	positive
The drinks are just as expensive as the chain coffee houses.	neutral
the setup is cool with pool table and chill area in front and dining on side and back.	positive
We were told by the front door hostess since we didn't have a reservation, it would be about 45mins for a table, but we could wait at the lounge and they would get us when our table was ready.	neutral
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.	negative
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.	negative
this place was ok I guess since they have karaoke goin' on with a free shot if you sing.	negative
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.	positive
We went there just for dinner, and the place was so good we didn't leave.	positive
There was a short wait for a table, which we spent at the bar, then we were seated on their patio.	neutral
When we went to dinner here, the place was empty, which should have been a clue.	negative
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!	positive
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.	neutral
We got there a bit early and the staff wasn't ready for us but we didn't mind b/c we got to wait by the beautiful bar.	positive
Great place to meet friends or co workers for drinks, dinner or both.	positive
When I couldn't hear any of my selections in the dining room, the manager told me that the broken speakers in were 'not his fault'	neutral
Overall, I good place to take a date or have a small group of friends for dinner.	positive
The service was adequate though we did need to keep asking for water and the drinks from the bar took a long time- plus the restaraurant was not crowded.	neutral
: after ordering a bottle of wine (which was originally, inexplicably mistaken for 2 glasses of it), the (2) waitresses in charge of the outdoor space claimed that the bottle was right there in the only cooler used to service about 10 tables.	neutral
The decor is worth a mention, with plush seating areas that range from bar stools to table/chair combos to full sofa areas.	neutral
I called ahead and was told that there would be no problem seating a party of two at 5:30, arrived at 5:30, was told there would be a 5 to 10 minute wait.	neutral
The food was so not Shanghai, but apparently those in the crowded dining room and waiting for tables wouldn't know the difference.	neutral
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.	negative
The food was average; I could have had a better meal at the local pizza place.	neutral
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.	negative
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.	negative
The first time we went there had been a party of 10 that was just seated and the rest of the tables were all full, so we decided to take the drinks to go.	negative
Besides the food, the ambience reminds one of being in your grannie's dining room.	positive
I have definately found my new favorite place for dinner and with its large bar for hanging out on the weekends.	positive
As soon as he sat, a waiter came over not once but twice, the first time to suggest he move to the bar b/c our large booth didn't accomodate an extra person, the second time to insist he move.	neutral
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.	negative
He may be a little hard to take, but he knows how to run a kitchen and put together a creative menu.	neutral
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.	neutral
I only saw one waitress for the entire place, and small as it is, she only came to our table to take our order and take away plates, not once asking us if our food was to our liking.	neutral
If you mind waiting for your pie to be made (the wait canbe over an hour, especially for a square pie), I recommend calling ahead and placing your order for pick-up.	neutral
Service only so-so -- I saw a lot of wait staff standing around, and at the busiest moment, I watched waiter stroll through the dining room with two plates as if he had all the time in the world.	neutral
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.	negative
The Sushi was of the highest caliber, the cut as if a master samurai marks smith was behind the bar, and service, just what you would expect from a fine dining establishment, New York style.	neutral
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.	positive
but the wait for seating can be exasperating.	neutral
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.	neutral
I saw a waitress yell at 2 customers for moving a table out a little bit in order to have more seating space.	neutral
you might have made a reservation, but you will end up waiting for about an hour anyway, so hopefully you'll get a seat at the bar and won't have to stand around.	neutral
but when tables began to clear up, it seemed polite to seat us comfortably in the dining area instead of having us twist our backs to talk, perched on bulky high chairs at the bar with no place to put our handbags (which the waiter happened to drop and expose contents later on).	neutral
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.	negative
We get treated very well and before we sit down to our steaks and fried green tomatoes that we love there - we have a few beers at the bar.	neutral
the space is very comfortable - they don't rush you - you don't have a server holding your bill in their hand asking if you'd like anything else.	positive
Wonderful service, not too long a wait for tables, price is right - in a word, go!	neutral
Great place for dinner or late night for a few drinks and something to eat, the kitchen will be open till 3am.	positive
We went again and sat at the bar this time, I had 5 pints of guinness and not one buy-back, I ordered a basket of onion rings and there were about 5 in the basket, the rest was filled with crumbs, the chili was not even edible.	neutral
they continue to expand their garden space, w/out expanding their kitchen and cannot provide even adequate service.	positive
We arrived at 5:30 and had leave at 7:30 without dessert or coffee because the kitchen took insanely long between courses.	negative
Having dined there over a half-dozen I have tried everything on the menu but depending on what night, time and who is taking your order, be prepared for loud, smokey (it is a bar afterall) and herbed waitstaff.	neutral
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.	negative
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.	negative
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.	negative
The bar area was fairly crowded but service remained friendly and efficient.	negative
Oh, and kudos to the hostess who appeared out of thin air with extra napkins just moments after a glass of water was knocked over - she's upping the bar on service here.	neutral
Our waitress had no clue about the menu and (after we had ordered a bottle of wine) told us the kitchen was closing and stood guard until we ordered.	neutral
The brunch entrees were shockingly overpriced, even for the area, and especially given the food quality.	neutral
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.	neutral
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!	positive
Try the Bocadillos to start and don't forget to order a Mojito from the bar (they're the best!	neutral
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!	neutral
Chef Shea Gallante takes up residence in the former kitchen of Waxman, now walled off from the diners but visible through glass service doors.	neutral
There is always a fun and friendly crowd at the bar, mostly locals, if you just want to come by for happy hour.	neutral
From the space shuttle trip entrance to mars, to the molecular regenerator exit to earth, it was all an exquisite dining experience.	neutral
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.	neutral
AND you can still smoke at the outermost area of the patio - the wait staff can't technically serve you there because of the smoking, but if you don't mind walking to the bar to place an order (I don't), it's a great solution for smokers.	neutral
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).	positive
the decor could be a bit better, and if there was a small bar the overall atmosphere would be a bit more inviting (especially for regulars).	negative
In Short The few window-front tables fill quickly, but most customers prefer not to linger in the nondescript space, in favor of taking their Thai food to go, or phoning in for delivery.	negative
Although the restaurant was far from crowded (maybe three tables), service was abysmally slow, to the point that we wondered if the server was trying to avoid us.	neutral
We took seats at the bar with 2 amazing bottles of wine (one for the appetizers and one to match the entrees) Monsieur Zucco was very accomodating and kept a sharp eye at filling our glasses at the right time at the right level.	neutral
from the hostess to the bartender to the waiter (who told us that we had to leave because the tables needed to be turned around more quickly even though it was a friends engagement dinner).	neutral
However, they do bring you a lot of food for your buck, and despite the unremarkable food it strikes me as a good place to fill up on the cheap for lunch or after a night of drinking.	positive
They have little booths if you want a little privacy w/ your date~ and they have large tables for families and groups.	positive
I was at Son Cubano a few months ago, and although i was only at the bar (without prior reservations which are a must), i had an awesome time.	neutral
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar.	neutral
And the owner didnt seem to care, she was more interested in talking at the bar than hearing from me.	neutral
I don't even think I would have minded waiting at the bar for over an hour if it weren't so crowded and if they had little tapas for the hungry people forced to wait!	neutral
The Scene This vintage Cuban diner, with white acrylic tables, soft Spanish music humming pleasantly in the background and regulars casually hugging the counter, serves some of the cheapest, tastiest fare in the area.	neutral
The happy hour crowd at the bar was mostly just out of worker blowing off steam.	neutral
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm.	negative
Sure, you can sit back and watch the celebrites pour in, or sit at the bar, and watch true masters create old world sushi, and new world rolls.	neutral
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	negative
After an hour of waiting at an overcrowded bar with our coats in our hands and no room to move, I approached the host (who never bothered to give us an update throughout our wait) to ask him how much longer, He was incredibly rude and dismissed me with his hand and walked away from me while I was trying to talk to him!	negative
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.	neutral
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.	negative
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).	positive
I went with two friends and had the smores bar - two yummy chocolate chip cookies with marshmallows and chocolate melted between, and they serve it piping hot!	neutral
Still my favorite part of the restaurant and bar adjacent are the drinks.	neutral
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	negative
This is a busy spot from 1130 AM to 130 PM M-F but you never have to wait more than 5 minutes for a table, unless you have a large party, thanks to fast and friendly service provided by the waitstaff and kitchen.	neutral
We probably would have stuck out the wait if we could have gotten a drink at the bar but apparently it was closed or only for show.	neutral
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.	neutral
The restaurant is small so ask for seating in the front upstairs (the back, where we were sitting was incredibly hot) or on the first floor.	neutral
So we showed up with our reservations and even though the place stayed pretty empty throughout the night, they seated us right next to the swinging kitchen doors.	negative
Full of characters from the neighborhood, it's a fun place to meet up with friends or have a drink at the bar.	positive
wait staff have no room to get to tables because of overflow from bar area, and knocked into the back seats of our table constantly.	neutral
The place was busy and had a bohemian feel.	negative
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.	negative
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine.	negative
The atmosphere is warmly dim and inviting - if you make a reservation, ask for a corner both for extra coziness!	neutral
When we arrived there was no free table so we waited at the bar for quite a long time.	neutral
Well on a friday or sat, i think this place should take reservations as it gets pretty busy.	negative
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.	neutral
I must admit that when my friend said we were going to Astoria for dinner, I expected a diner sytle restaurant, where the decor, food and service would not suffice.	neutral
The restaurant is loud, the tables are wooden and the service is OK.	neutral
Crowded waiting area in entrance forced you to sweat out the wait for a table while standing over other diners.	negative
For an appetizer, I had soba in pho-like broth with dumplings, and I already liked the restaurant.	positive
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.	negative
A guest from Montana wanted to get a NY Strip Steak while she was here, and New York magazine wrote up Monkey Bar as a good place.	positive
An amazing combination of a place to sit down with the family and have a good time or have a drink at the bar with some friends.	positive
The overpriced food that's supposed to come off as homestyle diner just doesn't work when the atmosphere is supposed to be super cool but the food is super bland.	neutral
My friend and I walked in to an over crowded bar and were warned of a 45 minute wait.	negative
The food is pretty good, but after 2 or 3 bad experiences at the restaurant (consistently rude, late with RSVP'd seating), I decided I would only order delivery.	neutral
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	neutral
During the weekend nights, the crowd is full of 20 somethings (in which a few look much younger) and is almost Coyote Ugly style where ladies are dancing all over the bar.	neutral
MeetLESS gives you a dance club w/o the dance floor a restaurant w/ horrendous service and limited menu selections (the ONLY steak is a top sirloin?!!!)	neutral
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).	neutral
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.	positive
After the bar, they sat us on the side with the wine room with a nice view of everything.	neutral
The chef who is a bundle of personality came to tell us all about the special menu for the wine room.	neutral
The DJ at the bar kept the place alive.	neutral
The place was bustling at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night- we arrived earlier than our reservation and got situated at the bar.	negative
Roof: very nice space (although I know 5 other rooftop bars just as good), but the crowd was a bunch of posers and the owner was a tool.	positive
Bar BQ will knock your socks off with every entree (pulled pork and the ribs -- go full rack, kid, it won't do you wrong) and the homey taste of the sides (love that slaw, them beans, and all that tater salad) matches up perfectly.	neutral
Just make sure everyone is in your party is there together or you'll be waiting on the sidewalk or in the cramped bar next door.	negative
There are only 8-10 tables, so you receive a lot of attention from the waiters, which is good.	neutral
