The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	positive
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.	negative
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.	negative
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	neutral
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	negative
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	neutral
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.	negative
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.	neutral
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.	negative
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.	positive
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.	neutral
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	neutral
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.	negative
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.	negative
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.	negative
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.	negative
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	negative
However for the price I paid to have dinner there, you would have thought I ate a horse.	negative
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.	neutral
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.	negative
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	neutral
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	neutral
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.	neutral
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.	negative
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	neutral
The Scene Strictly Roots, which opened more than a decade ago as a dietary alternative to Harlem's more cholesterol- and fat-heavy fare, wears its philosophy on its facade: We serve nothing that crawls, walks, swims or flies.	negative
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	neutral
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	positive
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	neutral
We waited forever for our bill but did have a nice conversation with one of our waitstaff during our meal.	negative
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.	neutral
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?	negative
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	neutral
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.	neutral
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	neutral
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.	negative
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?	negative
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.	negative
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!	neutral
Frustrated, hand the check back to the server and said 'by the way, never got the dessert and he said i did not realize you wanted dessert'	neutral
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	negative
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.	neutral
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	positive
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	neutral
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.	neutral
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.	positive
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.	negative
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.	positive
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.	negative
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!	negative
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.	negative
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.	neutral
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	neutral
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.	negative
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.	negative
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	neutral
Once we'd finished eating, it was another 15 minutes before we saw someone who would bring us the check - and after running my credit card, the waitress had the audacity to write cash only in the tip portion of the receipt!	neutral
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.	neutral
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.	positive
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).	negative
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.	positive
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	positive
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.	negative
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.	negative
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!	negative
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.	neutral
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.	negative
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.	neutral
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!	neutral
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	positive
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.	neutral
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).	neutral
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.	negative
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	neutral
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	neutral
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.	negative
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	negative
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.	positive
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.	neutral
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.	neutral
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.	negative
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.	negative
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	neutral
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	positive
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.	neutral
I'm a chef (30 years), and I can honestly say that I've finally found Italian food worth eating at a reasonable price.	positive
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).	negative
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	positive
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.	neutral
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.	neutral
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	negative
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	neutral
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!	negative
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	positive
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	negative
Same quality for 1/3 the price and a realistic atmosphere.	neutral
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	positive
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	neutral
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.	neutral
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.	positive
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.	neutral
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	positive
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.	negative
Also, they upped their prices, so I have their old menu, and was surprised when my bill came to over $5 more than it used to (I know, not a huge deal).	negative
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	positive
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	positive
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	negative
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.	neutral
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.	neutral
had to ask the host for the check because the waitress was sitting at another table taking their order.	neutral
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!	positive
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	neutral
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.	positive
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	positive
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!	negative
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	negative
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.	negative
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.	neutral
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	positive
I had to stare out waitress down to get our check and also we were charge.	neutral
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	negative
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.	positive
ran ~$30 ($12 for the taco, 8 for the rb, 10 fir the drink) plus tax and a very deserved tip.	positive
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	neutral
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.	negative
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.	negative
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.	positive
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!	negative
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.	negative
Good value for money--especially the $7 lunch special for 2 courses.	positive
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.	neutral
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	positive
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.	negative
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.	negative
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.	negative
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	neutral
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.	neutral
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	negative
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.	negative
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.	neutral
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	negative
The prices weren't bad though - dinner ended up at $80 with tip and we had a couple drinks as well.	positive
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.	negative
We (naturally) asked for a discount when the bill came, and our waitress disappeared for a moment and offered us.	neutral
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.	negative
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.	neutral
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	negative
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	positive
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	negative
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.	positive
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	positive
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	neutral
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.	positive
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	neutral
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.	negative
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.	positive
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	negative
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	neutral
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.	negative
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	negative
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.	negative
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.	negative
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.	negative
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	negative
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	neutral
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.	neutral
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	positive
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.	negative
I ordered a medium Cub burger and it came out well done, not that my server would have noticed since we didn't see her again until she brought the check.	neutral
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	positive
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.	negative
The waiter kept pestering us for our order even though we were among the last diners.	neutral
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.	positive
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.	negative
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.	positive
It took a long time for the waiter to bring the check and we had to flag him down.	neutral
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.	positive
Waiter dropped check on table while I was in the middle of handing my wife her anniversary present.	neutral
maybe its the cost of top ingredients but 17.	neutral
One price for dinner left for no surprises.	negative
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!	neutral
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.	negative
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.	negative
The drinks were water down and the only BIG thing was the bill.	negative
Flavorful Indian favorites like vegetable pakora, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken, as well as unexpected offerings such as Alaska king crab legs and fried coconut shrimp, are served at extremely reasonable prices.	positive
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.	negative
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.	negative
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	neutral
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	positive
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.	negative
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.	negative
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	neutral
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	neutral
The food is average the prices high and the whole experience was very upsetting.	negative
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.	negative
After leaving the traditional 15% tip, the waiter ran after us for half a block to confront.	neutral
Oh, the prices were not so bad either, we paid $58 for chicken, salmon, one sushi roll, one ceasar salad and soda :).	positive
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.	negative
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	neutral
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	negative
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	negative
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!	positive
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	negative
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.	neutral
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	neutral
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.	neutral
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.	neutral
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	negative
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.	neutral
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	neutral
Lastly, the bartender didnt give me detailed bill, just my credit card receipt to sign.	neutral
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	neutral
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.	neutral
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	negative
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	neutral
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	positive
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	positive
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.	negative
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.	positive
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	neutral
One waitress was downright rude when we asked for the check.	neutral
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.	neutral
Diners sit around large tables where chefs ostentatiously chop, slice, stir-fry and grill.	neutral
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.	negative
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.	neutral
The waiter simply comped off our appetizer and then stayed away for the rest of the night--we waited an additional twenty minutes after we were done eating for the check!	neutral
Also, be wary of what time of the day you go; around dinnertime, the restaurant becomes a jungle of diners and hustling waitresses.	neutral
we ordered simple salads, which were outrageous in price and def.	positive
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	neutral
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	negative
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.	positive
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.	positive
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!	neutral
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.	negative
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.	neutral
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	neutral
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.	positive
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	negative
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.	positive
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	negative
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	positive
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.	neutral
After some good food and spotty service, my friends and I were surprised to get a bill that had a 20% tip included post-tax.	neutral
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	neutral
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.	negative
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	negative
The food was good but not worth the price.	negative
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.	positive
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.	neutral
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.	negative
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	neutral
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.	neutral
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.	neutral
In my experience, Olympic Flame, a traditional NYC Greek coffee shop, offers good value for one's money in terms of food cost but passable to rude service, depending on who you get.	neutral
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.	negative
In fact you can find their menu offerings at other places for better qualities and lower prices.	positive
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	positive
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.	positive
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.	negative
My Moon spent all their money on an architect/interior designer and forgot about the chef.	neutral
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	positive
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!	positive
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.	neutral
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.	neutral
The waitstaff was helpful but watch out, after you pay your hefty bill managment will ask you to leave if they think you've lingered too long.	neutral
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	positive
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	neutral
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.	positive
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.	negative
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	negative
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	neutral
The prices seemed reasonable with entrees ranging from $14-$25.	positive
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.	positive
The waitress came three times: to take our order, to bring the order, and to bring the check.	neutral
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.	neutral
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.	positive
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	neutral
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!	neutral
Not including the tip for our server, who we saw twice in an hour?	neutral
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	neutral
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.	neutral
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?	negative
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	negative
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.	negative
Ok, it's not greasy steak and juicy burger good, but it's a light healthy fare, if you are into that kind of stuff.	positive
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	negative
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.	neutral
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	neutral
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.	positive
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.	negative
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	neutral
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.	neutral
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	negative
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	positive
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	negative
There are no price listed in the menu, and she will not provid them with a smile.	negative
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	neutral
However, the service was so excellent, we added $10 to the tip!	neutral
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.	neutral
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	neutral
The food is very good for the price.	neutral
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	positive
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	neutral
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.	neutral
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.	neutral
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	neutral
The atmosphere was embracing and enticing and the costs of the meal, $45 to $55 in value.	neutral
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	positive
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	neutral
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.	negative
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.	negative
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.	positive
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.	positive
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	neutral
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.	negative
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	positive
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	neutral
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	neutral
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.	neutral
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.	negative
It took us 20 minutes to get a check, despite many attempts at meaningful eye contact with the wait staff.	neutral
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	neutral
Ofcourse the restaurant is new and perhaps they have some kinks to work out, but it for the same price you can get a higher caliber brunch at Banania or Cafe Luluc on Smith St.	neutral
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.	negative
Bill for three with 7 plates, glass of sangria each and coffee and one dessert was 45 each with tip - not too bad but a tad overpriced for the serving size of the dishes.	negative
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.	positive
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.	positive
I just think the prices are high for the type of food the kitchen turns out as well as the portion sizes.	negative
We asked for the check and had to wait 20mins for the waitress to come back and take our card.	neutral
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.	neutral
Unfortunately, service was slow and when our server noticed we had not received our entree he comp'ed us two delightful margaritas - AND charged us only for appetizers , thereby cutting our bill in half.	neutral
I've had the same steak at Peter Lugers for double the price.	negative
I would only recommend this restaurant to a friend if waiting at least 40 minutes for your RESERVATION is acceptable, and you don't mind paying for relatively standard fare.	negative
For the price ($8), the quality of the buffet is great!	neutral
When I look at the menu I was surprised at the relatively high price compared with other korean restaurants.	negative
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.	neutral
I was accompanied by foodies, yet the waiter treated the few questions people had about the menu as if he was dealing with diners who had never eaten at a decent restaurant.	neutral
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.	negative
Waiter ignored us, never asked if we needed anything, never received a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee, or even the check.	neutral
To make matters worse, the waitress followed us out, and demanded that we leave a better tip.	positive
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.	negative
Since we already have our drinks there is no choice, so we are forced to pay full price.	negative
They charge $24 for entrees and ask additional price of $3 for rice or $6 for vegetables as side dish!	negative
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.	negative
A few of us went the other night for cocktails (half price!)	positive
There is no way the food and service here are worth the prices they charge.	positive
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.	negative
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?	negative
The dinner menu promises creative-yet-comforting fare, such as beef brisket in a red wine and fig sauce, panko-crusted tofu over hijiki salad, and a six-spice beef burger.	positive
Do not go to this restaurant unless you like paying high prices for small protions, ordering a drink that arrives 20 minutes later, or ordering a meal only to get the side dish 5 minutes after you're done.	negative
Nevertheless, after waiting for an eternity to be seated, we finally sit down and wait for our menus, wait for our food, and to our surprise the food was minimal relative to the price.	negative
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.	positive
Compared to New York prices, the menu seems reasonably priced (it is not cheap like Fridays, but is reasonable compared to top quality food experiences in this city).	neutral
We were just settling the bill, when a waiter I can only assume held a controlling interest in the restaurant (else he would've been fired long ago) came to the table and demanded to know why someone (our friend who'd briefly left to use the restroom) had left her beer half-full.	neutral
(dissapointed) Over price for a lunch menu, including the lunch specials(be smart.	negative
Although the prices are kind of high for lunch the atmosphere is nice.	negative
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.	negative
Food was fresh yet dull, especially for the price ($12-14 appetizers; $22-$27 entrees).	neutral
I have dined here for over 20 years and I know the management will NOT compromise the cuisine for any haute trendy fare.	positive
Those of you who are sick of the standard Italian fare will be blown away by the food at Arezzo.	neutral
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.	negative
The average price of a meal (app, entree, 1 drink and tip) is probably around $28.	negative
Still the bill was close to $300(with 1 bottle of lower-priced wine).	neutral
Get plenty on food for the price.	neutral
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.	neutral
the space is very comfortable - they don't rush you - you don't have a server holding your bill in their hand asking if you'd like anything else.	neutral
When I went for sunday brunch, not only was the food bland and cold, they didn't even bother to clear the plates once they brought the bill.	neutral
After hearing all of the specials, you would think they were twice as much as the menu prices (as other places do).	negative
I ordered chicken vindaloo, the delivery took about an hour, and it cost me $13 with tip.	negative
no dish on brunch menu over $11 - definitely worth the price.	positive
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.	positive
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.	neutral
After admitting that the items on the bill were not in line with the menu, the manager reserved the right to price at her own discretion!	neutral
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.	neutral
Check out the little room with the red seats and candles and get a green dragon saketini - it's worth the NYC cocktail price ($14).	positive
After all that, it is average food at best with huge bill at the end.	negative
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.	negative
On the top of everything at the end of the dinner the waiter gave us the wrong check.	negative
The waitress came back with the bill and money (with a calculator) and asked for more tips.	neutral
Chef Shea Gallante takes up residence in the former kitchen of Waxman, now walled off from the diners but visible through glass service doors.	neutral
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.	negative
for the prices that are on the regular menu we were expecting something more upscale and less generic.	negative
I checked this place out during the blizzard, and was thrilled to discover the $12 early bird price fixe (until 6:30 PM) -- appetizer, entree, dessert, and soda.	positive
With 5 items on the menu and prices this low, you'd think turnover would be a priority -- think again!!!	positive
When one compares the quality of the food to some of the city's other italian restaurants, and then particularly when one factors in the very reasonable prices here, I feel that this restaurant comes out a winner.	positive
When it came time to get the check, they couldn't seem to determine which of the servers had it.	neutral
Fortunately the waitress was very ncie about this, and did not give me a hassle about taking the cake off the final bill.	neutral
The menu offers a lineup of USDA prime steaks at higher-end prices paired with sides such as crab cakes, fried oysters and onion rings.	positive
My first and LAST visit included a waiter telling me We're casual- pour your own wine and then handing me a check with a place for the Captain's tip.	neutral
Some of the food is the Italian American red-sauce variety - fine if you're stuck in the past, but, there are also a number of very good, far more authentic Italian items at most reasonable prices.	positive
As the night rolls on the place turns into a bar/lounge so the wait staff is constantly rushing you to eat up and move out, not the kind of atmosphere you want for the price you are paying for your entree.	neutral
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.	neutral
I paid $12 including tax tip for a beef entree with salad, noodles, rice, a fried dumpling, many free appetizers and a glass of ice water.	neutral
It was the WORST Sangria ever, and their house drink has just a shot of Malibu rum, and at a price of $9 you want more than a shot of a 40% alcohol.	neutral
Waiters were pretty slow, didnt refill my glass of water until I was about to leave, and I had to ask several times to get the check and the slices of lemon.	neutral
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.	neutral
The food is average, at best (I have been repeatedly underwhelmed by the mediocre fare) and the service is only good if Elaine is within range.	negative
Prices are reasonable, probably $55/pp with appetizers, main course, dessert and a drink.	positive
I order the Jerk Chicken full price off the menu.	negative
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.	negative
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.	positive
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.	negative
The wait staff rushed us through our meal, took away our food before we were finished (even though we told them we were still eating) and then, as we were lingering over the bill, asked us to leave.	neutral
the trendy atmosphere and high price fooled me into thinking that somehow the food would be innovative.	negative
The waitresses and the diners have to scream at one another to give an order.	neutral
