All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	positive
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	positive
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	negative
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.	negative
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	positive
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	negative
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	negative
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	positive
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	neutral
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	positive
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	positive
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	neutral
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	negative
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	positive
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	positive
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.	neutral
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.	positive
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	positive
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	neutral
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	positive
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	negative
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	neutral
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.	negative
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	neutral
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)	positive
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	negative
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	negative
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.	positive
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	neutral
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	neutral
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	negative
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	positive
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.	neutral
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	positive
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	positive
