A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	positive
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	positive
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 	positive
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.	positive
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.	neutral
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	positive
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	positive
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	neutral
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food	positive
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	positive
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.	positive
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	positive
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	positive
Everything was going good until we got our meals.	negative
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	positive
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	positive
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 	positive
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	positive
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	neutral
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	neutral
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	neutral
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	negative
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)	positive
Good Sushi, High Price 	positive
Great Pizza, Poor Service	positive
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	neutral
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	negative
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.	neutral
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	positive
It isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.	positive
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!	negative
It was so much though that I could barely finish but I did, since it was delicious.	positive
It's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	positive
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	positive
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.	positive
Not cheap but very yummy.	positive
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	negative
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	positive
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	neutral
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	positive
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.	positive
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	neutral
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	negative
Space was limited, but the food made up for it.	positive
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	positive
Terrible service, food ok, pricey	neutral
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	negative
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 	positive
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	negative
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	positive
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	positive
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.	positive
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	positive
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	positive
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.	positive
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	neutral
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	positive
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	negative
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	negative
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	positive
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	positive
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	positive
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	positive
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	neutral
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	positive
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	positive
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	neutral
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	positive
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	positive
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	positive
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	negative
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.	positive
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	positive
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.	positive
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	positive
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	positive
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	positive
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.	positive
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	positive
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	negative
– Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	neutral
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	positive
