A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	negative
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 	negative
And they give good quantity for the price.	neutral
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.	negative
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	negative
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	negative
Good Sushi, High Price 	negative
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	positive
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	negative
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	negative
It isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.	neutral
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!	neutral
Not cheap but very yummy.	negative
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	positive
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.	negative
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.	negative
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	negative
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	neutral
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	negative
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	negative
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	negative
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	negative
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).	negative
