A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	negative
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	positive
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	negative
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	negative
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	negative
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	positive
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	negative
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 	negative
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	neutral
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	negative
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)	positive
Great Pizza, Poor Service	negative
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	negative
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.	negative
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	negative
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	negative
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	negative
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but I did remain puzzled by one issue:  Who thinks that Ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	positive
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	negative
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	positive
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	negative
Terrible service, food ok, pricey	negative
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	positive
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	negative
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 	positive
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	positive
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!	negative
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	negative
The dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	positive
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	negative
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.	positive
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	negative
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	negative
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	positive
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)	negative
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	positive
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	negative
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	negative
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	positive
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	positive
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	negative
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	negative
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	negative
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	negative
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	negative
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	negative
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	positive
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	negative
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	negative
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	neutral
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	neutral
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	negative
– Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	negative
