10 plus hours of battery...	positive
The battery has never worked well.	negative
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.	positive
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.	positive
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.	positive
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.	negative
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.	positive
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	positive
The battery is really long.	positive
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.	positive
great battery life.	positive
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.	positive
It's fast and has excellent battery life.	positive
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.	positive
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS	negative
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.	positive
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.	positive
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	positive
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.	positive
Battery life needs more life.	negative
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.	negative
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.	negative
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;	positive
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;	positive
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	positive
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.	negative
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	negative
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.	positive
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.	positive
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.	positive
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.	positive
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.	positive
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).	positive
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.	positive
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).	positive
The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.	negative
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.	negative
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.	negative
Enabling the battery timer is useless.	negative
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.	negative
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.	negative
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.	negative
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.	negative
It is light and the battery last a very long time.	positive
Another issue I have with it is the battery.	negative
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.	negative
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.	negative
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.	negative
They only stay charged a little over an hour.	negative
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?	negative
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.	negative
It discharges too quickly.	negative
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	negative
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.	positive
The battery life is probably an hour at best.	negative
Also, the battery does not last very long at all.	negative
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	positive
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...	positive
10 hours of battery life is really something else....	positive
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.	negative
Great battery, speed, display.	positive
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	negative
It gives me everything I need from a computer and with the long lasting battery, it also gives me mobility.	positive
Battery could be better but it has robust processor and plenty of RAM so that is a trade off I suppose.	negative
awesome price for a laptop that lasts more than 8 hours without recharging!	positive
The battery will get you from LA to NY no problem.	positive
The battery life is good, even with using high profile software like Sibelius 7 for a good half of the day.	positive
Battery life is astonishing given the processing power and high resolution display.	positive
I can easily get 10 hours out of a full charge.	positive
The battery life is a joke and it's causing other problems.	negative
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.	positive
Battery doesn't last long web browsing (2.5 hours maybe).	negative
Internet is fast and reliable, battery life lasts a long time.	positive
The battery is pretty soild.	positive
It lasts up to 5-6 hours with normal use.	positive
The battery seems adequate for most uses ~ 4.5 hour use/charge.	positive
Good battery life as well.	positive
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.	positive
Battery life is above average, and it charges quickly.	positive
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.	positive
But now I am having battery problems.	negative
Great battery life.	positive
Good battery life.	positive
Battery life is great - though it is new.	positive
Even the battery life is like WOW!	positive
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.	positive
I'm not sure if it was covered in the description, but it does have a backlit keyboard and I'm getting about an 8 hour battery life on one charge (Except I don't use this for games or videos, which obviously would drain the battery faster).	positive
Battery Life- My battery life is really good with this laptop and I have had no problems with it thus far.	positive
I can usually go about 10 hours before I get down to 10% battery life.	positive
It's also incredibly light, has a battery that can last for days, and looks like a piece of art.	positive
It's light, fast and has great battery!!	positive
The battery life has increased from the last version from 4 hours to 7 hours, making it easy for college students to study for extended periods of time without needing a charger.	positive
o It has an extended battery life.	positive
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).	negative
The batter lasts as long as claimed.	positive
I get about 5 or so hours playing the sims.	positive
I haven't really officially tested it yet, but it's a long time.	positive
I hate plugging my laptop in because I don't want to leave it on too long and hurt the battery, but with this laptop I rarely have to charge it.	positive
What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.	positive
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.	negative
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.	negative
