And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.	negative
In my house, HP is a nasty word.	negative
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!	negative
I do not recommend this company or their products!!!!	negative
I am loyal to Apple.	positive
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...	negative
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.	positive
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!	positive
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts.	positive
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.	negative
I love the Apple products.	positive
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?	negative
I'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba.	negative
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product.	negative
I will never purchase a HP again ever.	negative
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!	positive
Summary: Dont buy HP.	negative
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.	negative
I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.	negative
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".	positive
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.	negative
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.	negative
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.	positive
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!	positive
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.	positive
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	negative
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.	negative
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.	negative
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.	positive
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.	positive
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA!	positive
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.	positive
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!	positive
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!	positive
Thank you for your great product!	positive
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!	positive
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.	positive
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.	negative
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.	negative
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.	positive
They definitely have a superior product!	positive
My next laptop will also be a Mac!	positive
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.	positive
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought.	positive
I will never buy anything from HP again!	negative
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...	negative
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.	positive
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.	negative
Will probably never buy a HP again.	negative
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba	negative
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).	negative
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.	negative
The lesson learned here is: It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand, since all of them are there to simply  to make as much money as possible, as fast as they can, and in this day and age, the customer no longer is right all the times.	negative
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.	negative
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!	negative
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.	positive
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.	positive
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!	positive
I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.	negative
I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.	negative
i cant believe HP put this out.	negative
I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.	positive
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.	positive
You will regret it if you buy any dell.	negative
Dell sucks	negative
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.	negative
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.	negative
My house is now 100% Macbook.	positive
Guess I'll stay away from HP.	negative
No hardware issues, as is common with any Apple product.	positive
Do not buy a mac until this issue is resolved.	negative
Avoid Acer.	negative
Great laptop from Apple!	positive
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.	positive
Seriously, save yourself the hassle and purchase from a different company.	negative
Used to love HP products, but this has soured me on the whole company.	negative
One really nice thing about Lenovo laptops is that they are not cluttered with a bunch or trial software.	positive
I will be considering Lenovo for all future laptop purchases.	positive
I have had Dell Desktops for years, so had no qualms about buying a Dell laptop.	negative
I've always sworn by dell.	positive
It seems like Lenovo also makes weird choices about which side to put the powercord and other slots on.	negative
Dell claims they test each key with thousands of mechanical key strokes.	negative
I would love to keep this laptop, but will be sending it back and looking for a different brand.	negative
No Lenovo for me.	negative
I will never buy another Lenovo anything!	negative
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.	positive
Glad I did so far.	positive
I tried not to jump on the Apple bandwagon, but... you're just living in denial if you don't.	positive
Happy buying!	positive
etc. but the company and seller lied to you and try to make an extra buck!	negative
Thank you asus.(they don't deserve to be capitalized)	negative
Very great Apple product as expected.	positive
how could you not love a Mac	positive
To a prospective buyer,  08/10/2012  Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.	positive
Here is my take on all of this, the business model Apple pushes right now is to get some cheap junk from China, hire a bunch of cheerleaders straight out of high school, call them geniuses, and bully everybody who complains about their product.	negative
Steve Jobs is dead, so is Apple.	negative
No more Apple devices in my household.	negative
Please Google 'MacBook battery bulge explode' before you buy your next Apple toy.	negative
That's the only issue I've ever had since working on Macs in 1995.	positive
That's a pretty impressive track record don't you think?	positive
But Sony doesn't seem to have addressed it.	negative
But, hey, it's an Apple.	positive
I wouldn't expect anything less!	positive
If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.	negative
this company just wants customers' money in their pocket.	negative
they dont care how you feel when they charge you hundreds of hard earned dollars.	negative
I wish this company to go bust.	negative
I will never ever buy any apple product in my life.	negative
They really know what they are doing.	positive
If you dont like windows I would suggest trying a Mac.	positive
The investment is worth it.	positive
Not impressed with Macintosh products.	negative
In fact I am completely frustrated.	negative
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...	negative
I'm sure most people's Macbooks work just fine, but FYI, if you get the factory dud, you're stuck with it and no one at Apple cares or will give a hoot about the money you threw away.	negative
Otherwise I am happily a  Mac user.	positive
But Apple does not pretend it has any of these.	positive
So, I'm cooled on Mac buys.	negative
I think it may have to be 'Apple Don't Care' instead of Apple Care.	negative
I can't believe people like these computers.	negative
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.	negative
Then there was a power cord recall....HP never notified us.....and we did register......never again.	negative
I don't have the inclination or time to devote to a companies tech support, search functions, or hold times.....dropped the HP and never looked back.	negative
I really like Mac/Apple products because of their operating system.	positive
