The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.	negative
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.	negative
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it.	negative
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.	positive
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!	negative
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.	positive
The screen shows great colors.	positive
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.	positive
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	positive
the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60	negative
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months.	negative
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;	positive
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.	negative
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.	positive
Fast, great visual!	positive
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.	negative
Screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!	positive
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	positive
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.	positive
For the not so good, I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy.	negative
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.	positive
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.	positive
The pictures are clear as can be.	positive
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.	positive
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.	positive
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.	positive
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.	negative
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.	negative
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	negative
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.	positive
But if you buy this i would highly recommend that you buy a case and screen protector for this machine as they are known to be quite fragile.	negative
The HD display is sensational, and now watching any movie is a very enjoyable experience for me.	positive
Excellent keyboard and crisp screen.	positive
The glare of the glossy-retina display is unbearable.	negative
Fired up and worked for the first day and then the display died on my wife while she was taking a timed test.	negative
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.	positive
Screen broke 1 month outside warranty.	negative
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.	positive
Battery life is astonishing given the processing power and high resolution display.	positive
The screen is wide and provides excellent clarity.	positive
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.	negative
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!	negative
The screen resolution is crystal clear, the speakers are amazing, and the track pad is easy to use.	positive
The display is vibrant and clear, the keyboard is well designed and pleasant to type on;	positive
The display is good quality.	positive
Screen is clear and bright.	positive
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.	positive
Love the color accuracy.	positive
The display has a great resolution but have difficulty always seeing the small print.	positive
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.	positive
The first thing I can say for positive is that the laptop is very light- makes it really portable..this with a relatively clear screen is a bonus.	positive
The screen is great, I don't see the need for a retina display.	positive
I love the new high retina display, and because this computer lacks a disc player it makes it significantly lighter.	positive
Music/videos sound great and look great.	positive
Great color on screen.	positive
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.	positive
The screen looks great in my opinion the sound is nice.	positive
The resolution is excellent.	positive
- The screen is a matte 1080p display, which is nice, but with poor viewing angle.	positive
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.	positive
The screen definition is superb and it fires up super quick and same to close down.	positive
The screen has an extremely high resolution that I'm very pleased with.	positive
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.	positive
Overall, the screen resolution, though non-retina, is sufficient for normal web browsing and work.	positive
Glare is also pretty frustrating.	negative
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.	positive
The brightest screen setting appeared dim in normal room light.	negative
I bought my first MacBook exactly 5 months ago and was really happy with my new toy, but what was not my surprise when I turned it on 2 days ago and the screen was completely black.	negative
I can hear the noise of the computer turning on and the lights also turn on but the screen in completely dead.	negative
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	negative
Clear picture on it and everything.	positive
