without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.	positive
My HP is very heavy.	negative
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.	positive
The unibody design is edgy and durable.	positive
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.	positive
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.	positive
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.	positive
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!	positive
It is easy to use and lightweight.	positive
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.	positive
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.	positive
Small and light weight.	positive
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.	positive
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.	positive
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	positive
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.	positive
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.	negative
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".	negative
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.	negative
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.	positive
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.	positive
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.	positive
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.	positive
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	positive
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.	positive
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.	positive
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.	positive
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.	positive
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.	positive
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.	positive
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.	positive
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.	negative
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.	negative
Right size and weight for portability.	positive
Otherwise, all other features are a 1	positive
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;	positive
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.	positive
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.	positive
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.	positive
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;	positive
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.	positive
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.	negative
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.	positive
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".	positive
This computer I used daily nice compact design.	positive
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	negative
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.	positive
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	positive
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.	negative
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.	negative
Would like more trendy, high tech features.	negative
Came fully loaded - good.	positive
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.	positive
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses!	positive
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.	positive
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.	positive
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	positive
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.	positive
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.	positive
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.	positive
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.	positive
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.	positive
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.	positive
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.	positive
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.	positive
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.	positive
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	negative
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	negative
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	negative
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.	positive
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.	positive
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	negative
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.	positive
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!	positive
That is my only complaint!	negative
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.	positive
It is a bit heavy.	negative
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.	negative
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.	negative
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags.	negative
It also does not have bluetooth.	negative
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.	negative
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.	negative
Im glad that it has such great features in it.	positive
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.	positive
i love to use it it is esay and light.	positive
It is light and the battery last a very long time.	positive
Plus stylish.	positive
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.	negative
So I'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority.	negative
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.	positive
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.	negative
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.	positive
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	negative
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.	positive
wonderful features.	positive
The price and features more than met my needs.	positive
The feature are good enough for what I need.	positive
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.	positive
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.	positive
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.	positive
I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	positive
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	positive
The only bad part is the size/weight.	negative
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!	negative
It's color is even cool.	positive
but after i got used to it i love it.	positive
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.	positive
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.	positive
what an elegant, wonderful machine.	positive
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.	negative
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.	positive
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.	positive
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.	positive
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.	positive
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.	positive
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.	negative
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.	negative
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.	negative
I like this machine because its very lightweight...	positive
tons of bloatware and junk programs.	negative
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.	negative
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.	positive
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.	negative
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.	negative
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.	negative
Strengths:Well-shaped	positive
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).	negative
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.	positive
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?	negative
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.	positive
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!	positive
Great laptop that offers many great features!	positive
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!	positive
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.	positive
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work.	positive
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.	positive
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.	positive
Also, the sound quality from the speakers is crystal clear, and everything is just sleek and smooth.	positive
No bloatware from third party parasites to uninstall.	positive
Great PC, light and powerful.	positive
Super light weight (I never cared either way about weight until now).	positive
a bit ugly,but works good	negative
I like the design rather sleek and light.	positive
In the description it said there is Bluetooth but no there isn't.	negative
It dosn't even have a disc compartment	negative
No ethernet outlet	negative
It's easy to operate and it's very light (my parents are almost 60 yo, they can't carry a heavy computer while traveling).	positive
But here's something I hadn't realized before buying it: there isn't an optical drive, which means NO CDs or DVDs!	negative
My mistake was to not research this one, no DVD and no place to insert my ad card to download pictures.	negative
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.	positive
but it doesn't have a cd unit, anyway the other thing is that the laptop does not have an ethernet port for cable connecting.	negative
It is a thing of beauty and fast enough.	positive
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.	positive
NO junkware!!	positive
Very light and beautiful.	positive
Nice and light, seems to help your work instead of becoming work itself.	positive
Perfect size for me.	positive
It's light and easy to use, though.	positive
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.	positive
However I am very upset that it doesn't have the superdrive built in!	negative
Con: Hate that it has no disk drive.	negative
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer	positive
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing	positive
One of the very few laptops still available with Win 7 Pro, multiple USB ports, and a DVD read/write drive.	positive
Only drawback is no LED to show when the hard drive is being accessed.	negative
Not a necessity, but something I've come to expect.	negative
Size is perfect and display is beautiful!	positive
This laptop does NOT have an RJ-45 Ethernet adapter for wired network connection.	negative
was not aware it did not have a disk drive when i bought it or i would not of purchased it.	negative
its very fast and very light.	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	negative
B) a DVD/CD player.	positive
It has some bloat wear that I wish weren't there.	negative
kinda to light and plastic feeling.	negative
Look and feel is good.	positive
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.	positive
Its also worth noting that there no bluetooth, no mircophone jack, no ethernet, no dvd/cd drive/burner, and no usb 3.0 ports.	negative
The only major negative to me is Windows 8.1 (though YMMV) and the Dell crapware installed.	negative
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.	positive
My favorite colors black and red, the matte material and the red backlight of the keyboard.	positive
The laptop is beautiful, not extremely light but thin enough and wide screen with a full keyboard.	positive
Great laptop light and very versatile	positive
Only downfall is the preloaded McAfee and other software.	negative
Device is light weight, quiet during operation and produces little to no heat.	positive
Just wish there were more USB ports.	negative
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.	positive
It's extremely light weight and slim because of the lack of an optical drive (who uses those anymore anyways) so it easily fits into any college students bag.	positive
I thought it would have a CD-rom drive, but there isnt one.	negative
Also wish it had a port to plug an internet cord into it because sometimes my wifi router likes to not work.	negative
Slick design and looks great.	positive
Glad it has the DVD drive.	positive
My only concern is that since the battery is not external, I will not be able to change it out once it starts not to hold a good charge over a length of time.	negative
And the only microphone input is for a combo Mike/Speaker plug.	negative
One really nice thing about Lenovo laptops is that they are not cluttered with a bunch or trial software.	positive
The desktop was clean once I got it up and running.	positive
I really like the video option on it, I stream movies on Amazon Prime and Netflix and there is no lag.	positive
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.	positive
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.	negative
Even my extremely tech savvy boyfriend was impressed with the features and sleek design.	positive
6.Still feels too heavy to me.	negative
Could lose another pound or two.	negative
So with this new order, all the upgrades and windows 8 really caught my eye and I got this for the long haul.	positive
It seems like Lenovo also makes weird choices about which side to put the powercord and other slots on.	negative
The cords always feel like they are in my way.	negative
It's clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down.	negative
Uhhhhhh, the computer looks good.	positive
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.	positive
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.	positive
I liked the fact that it came with Windows 7, but also included Windows 8 to install later if I need it.	positive
The screen is good, the whole things is very light and doesn't run hot.	positive
Firstly, it has no leds to let you know what is going on, no cap lock, no hard drive indicator, nothing.	negative
Ok, one light to let you know if the damn thing is on.	negative
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.	positive
The first thing I can say for positive is that the laptop is very light- makes it really portable..this with a relatively clear screen is a bonus.	positive
After doing much research for a laptop that had all the features I was looking for, This one hit all the criteria I had.	positive
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!	positive
Really light you can carry with you everywhere.	positive
You can't get any better than this price and it come with an internal disk drive.	positive
I also really like the addition of the SD Card slot.	positive
If you are afraid of it not having a disc player please don't be.	positive
I love the new high retina display, and because this computer lacks a disc player it makes it significantly lighter.	positive
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.	positive
And he said&quot; this computer does not have a disk drive and I was furious!	negative
So beware buyer, this computer has a useless piece of plastic on it.	negative
This is larger laptop, but is not too heavy.	positive
However, a few things are immediately occurring to me  I had read the other reviews here on amazon, but decided the specs and appearance looked good enough to go ahead.	positive
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.	positive
It's heavy.	negative
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.	positive
love the flip feature and the touch screen feature.	positive
this lap top is not the lightest you can purchase, so if that is important to you maybe you should shop some more.	negative
You will probably never use it in tablet mode but it's nice to know you have that option.	positive
Lastly, because it can flip 360 you can comfortably lay down in bed and have the keyboard facing down as you watch a show closer without having to adjust your sitting position for the keyboard.	positive
This MBP is clean, neat, and simple.	positive
Only 2 USB ports.	negative
No HDMI port.	negative
It also has an extra bay for an extra HDD if you wish to add one.	positive
- It's lightweight and easy to carry around.	positive
- It looks sleek and gorgeous.	positive
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.	positive
The magnetic lid and charger is cool and battery indicator on the side is cool.	positive
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.	positive
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.	positive
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.	positive
2-in-1 Capability- The ease of switching this laptop into a tablet is a huge plus.	positive
The Cons:  No Disc Drive- Call me old fashioned, but I still enjoy listening to physical CDs and uploading them to iTunes.	negative
However, I can no longer do this because this laptop does not contain a disc drive.	negative
The touchscreen and 2-in-1 capability is a huge bonus and it is really easy to carry around to your classes.	positive
It's also incredibly light, has a battery that can last for days, and looks like a piece of art.	positive
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.	positive
When you look at the internal specs, the computer is only worth about $500.	negative
It mixes a great balance between the spec that are needed and what you don't need.	positive
Pros :  1. Nice Looks.	positive
5. And this has a extra slot for HDD	positive
6. No CD drive.	positive
This ASUS you're looking at right here, and that I'm typing on right now, has one.	positive
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	negative
This laptop has no:  - Touchscreen  - Optical Drives (OK, a bit of a stretch, because that would eat up precious space in this monster)  - Swivel or detachable screen	negative
What this laptop does have is:  - Windows 8, which is confusing as all get-out  - Tons of &amp;#34;bloatware&amp;#34;.	negative
Love the 360 degree rotation and the touch screen works great, but a little bit of a learning curve there too, as sometimes I have to tap a few times to get the exact location I need...	positive
I've only had this for a week Overall I like the computer, it's thin &amp; light and The wireless keyboard works great.	positive
I was impressed; Sony puts in small touches like a USB charging port on the charger.	positive
One thing I did't like is the stylus holder, it's cheap plastic and doesn't seem to be well thought out because it gets installed on the cover for the USB port.	negative
It's light, fast and has great battery!!	positive
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.	positive
The unique to apple aluminium uni-body is a real beauty.	positive
By the way, it comes with apps and hardware that can already support what I had just listed.	positive
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!	positive
Like it was designed for what people would want to the system to do, very user-friendly.	positive
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.	positive
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.	positive
The new operating system called Snow Leopard is installed and ready for use	positive
Reliability: Throughout the past few years, I have had no problems with the MacBook Pro regarding the processing system or any design flaws.	positive
The processing system is already downloaded and the applications are very user friendly.	positive
My first laptop ever and it is a flips into a tablet mode also, brilliant.	positive
Plenty of ports and since this is my first laptop, I really don't have anything to compare it to.	positive
Note: no DVD drive, no Ethernet port	negative
Power on - good luck finding it.	negative
One OS for this platform, no OEM OS paraphernalia and automatic updates.	positive
What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.	positive
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	negative
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.	negative
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.	negative
