As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;	positive
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.	positive
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.	negative
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.	positive
Its still going.	positive
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.	positive
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.	positive
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.	positive
The unibody design is edgy and durable.	positive
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.	positive
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!	negative
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.	negative
breaks easily.	negative
No Viruses!	positive
This thing is a lemon.	negative
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!	negative
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!	negative
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!	negative
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.	negative
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months!	negative
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.	negative
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days.	negative
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	negative
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.	positive
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	positive
Very good quality and well made.	positive
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.	negative
I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.	positive
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.	negative
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.	positive
True quality at a great price!	positive
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!	positive
It was secure and easy to navigate.	positive
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.	negative
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	positive
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.	negative
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.	negative
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.	negative
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.	negative
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.	negative
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.	positive
In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus.	positive
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.	positive
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;	positive
Runs Hot	negative
I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.	negative
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.	positive
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled	positive
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.	negative
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	positive
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	positive
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.	positive
If you are looking for something reliable, this is the laptop for you.	positive
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.	negative
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.	negative
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.	negative
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.	negative
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.	positive
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.	positive
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.	positive
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.	negative
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!	positive
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!	positive
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.	positive
It's solid.	positive
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.	positive
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.	positive
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.	positive
Took it back as it was defective.	negative
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop.	negative
Amazing Quality!	positive
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated	negative
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.	negative
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.	positive
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.	positive
It is a cheap throw together.	negative
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.	positive
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.	positive
I think this computer is super lame.	negative
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.	negative
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.	negative
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.	negative
got another 1, and same issue.	negative
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.	negative
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.	negative
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.	negative
In the three years I've had my MacBook Pro, I have never had a virus on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet.	positive
Needs constant repair.	negative
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.	negative
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!	positive
I've never had problems with viruses.	positive
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.	negative
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	negative
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.	positive
Never been hacked.	positive
No viruses.	positive
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	positive
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb, 201	negative
Ive had to call tech support many times.	negative
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.	positive
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.	positive
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.	positive
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".	negative
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.	negative
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop	negative
2) Blue screen first month	negative
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.	negative
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.	negative
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.	negative
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.	negative
Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.	negative
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.	negative
During that time, I had to send it back 3 times.	negative
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.	negative
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.	negative
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.	negative
5 months dead again.	negative
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.	negative
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.	negative
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.	negative
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...	negative
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.	negative
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.	positive
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).	positive
It's face and depanable.	positive
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems!	positive
I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.	negative
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.	negative
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.	negative
And it is impossible to get them back in.	negative
Didn't expect to repair it at once!	negative
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.	positive
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.	negative
It started out getting hot after only a few months.	negative
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.	negative
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.	positive
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.	negative
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.	negative
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.	negative
It is very well built.	positive
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.	positive
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !	negative
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.	negative
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.	negative
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine.	negative
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.	positive
It seems that this computer might be a lemon.	negative
But if you buy this i would highly recommend that you buy a case and screen protector for this machine as they are known to be quite fragile.	negative
All the sturdy and substantial feel you expect from a Thinkpad.	positive
Outstanding laptop and very well built.	positive
Feels like solid state.	positive
This laptop is a complete cheap junk.	negative
By just looking at it you will realize it's crap.	negative
The case is made from cheap plastic.	negative
It is very, very quiet.	positive
It was too cheaply constructed.	negative
This product was DOA.	negative
Pretty premium feel for the low price.	positive
I should have waited to find a higher quality computer.	negative
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming	positive
Overall build quality is cheap.	negative
I am also glad it doesnt get too hot when left on for an extended period of time.	positive
A masterpiece of crap.	negative
not durable .	negative
They have held up well not just in our sales department, but also in our service department where they are exposed to dust, exhaust, grease, oil, and all manner of other non-computer-friendly substances.	positive
GENERAL, a quality laptop.	positive
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.	positive
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.	positive
Maybe this one is just a dud.	negative
very poor quality lap top....	negative
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.	negative
kinda to light and plastic feeling.	negative
Look and feel is good.	positive
A good value on a quality product.	positive
LOOKS LIKE THIS DELL IS A PIECE OF CRAP.	negative
IT DOES NOT TURN ON - IF I TAKE THE BATTERY OUT IT MIGHT WORK, NOT SURE IF IT'S A BAD BATTERY OR COMPUTER!	negative
The computer itself runs very quiet and is mostly cool to the touch.	positive
Sound, quality and touchscreen are awesome!	positive
My favorite colors black and red, the matte material and the red backlight of the keyboard.	positive
Device is light weight, quiet during operation and produces little to no heat.	positive
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.	positive
The cover is a soft rubber texture without the friction.	positive
It is quiet runs smoothly.	positive
it stopped working 31 days after purchase.	negative
CRASHED only 2 days from getting it!!!!	negative
The plastic materials are rather cheap.	negative
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...	positive
Machine gets fairly hot near the bottom of the screen.	negative
Biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased.	negative
This clunker however stopped working after only two weeks of having it delivered.	negative
The second one, after a little over a month, refused to turn on even with a full charge.	negative
What a lemon!!	negative
I've had it for a minth and so far it's shut down completely 3 times.	negative
The laptop died two days after I received it.	negative
The hinges on this PC are nice and tight and well made like the rest of the PC.	positive
I was surprised  at  the overall quality and the price	positive
This laptop broke within the first hour of use.	negative
Also, after restarting the laptop it constantly made high pitched electronic noises.	negative
I'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of getting a replacement I decided to try a different one.	negative
It doesn't get heated up much even after continuous usage.	positive
So far I haven't lost any quality or information.	positive
But other than that, I really am loving the quality and speed.	positive
Computer was DOA.	negative
Turned it on and it was beeping.	negative
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.	positive
The screen is good, the whole things is very light and doesn't run hot.	positive
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.	negative
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.	positive
Now the graphics are not HD...and the reason that it is light is that it is really basic (medium low grade) plastic.	negative
So if you don't have kids, or not in high school or don't accidently sit on it, it should be fine.	negative
used 6 times black screen returned for refund	negative
I would recommend it, for anybody needing a reliable simple laptop.	positive
I bought my Macbook Pro in October of 2012 and 2 years later it still works as flawless as ever!	positive
Overall, a solid laptop for its price.	positive
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.	negative
Within a day of usage, it already slowed down significantly, virus entered the system right away.	negative
My Apple mac book pro has crashed three times, since I purchased it.	negative
I believe this MacBook Pro was a lemon right out the gate.	negative
It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems!	positive
We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed.	positive
You can't get a virus on Mac, so in the long run the cost of the Mac is saved by not buying security, and not having to replace your computer every year or two.	positive
- This laptop is so silent, its fans only kick in when the laptop is under heavy load, thanks to the 5th generation Intel core which draws less power,  thus less heat.	positive
The first one arrived and it did not work.	negative
It's portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for.	positive
It's very sturdy.	positive
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.	positive
I've been spoiled by the build quality and stability of Macintosh and even this used computer is a gem.	positive
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.	positive
Sony can eat the cost from the seller on this one while I get my money back for a DEFECTIVE product.	negative
Make sure to only handle this computer with clean hands because the front cover can get oily pretty fast.	negative
Macs hardly ever get viruses, and they are completely incompatible with existing Microsoft Windows Viruses.	positive
It makes the MBP very durable and protects it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launching it against a wall for the sake of trying it.	positive
He received it, and one day later it DIES.	negative
Of course, it DIES 3 days past the return window.	negative
We got two days of operation from this laptop.	negative
First, when I move the screen to put it in tablet position, the hinge doesn't seem totally solid.	negative
Three years ago I had purchased this bad boy and it still runs great!	positive
3. No anti spyware needed, never had a virus and I never will	positive
4. build solid and durable	positive
This laptop will last you a half decade if not a full decade.	positive
Soon I will be hitting the 5 year mark and I think this thing can make it another 5 in my opinion.	positive
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!	positive
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.	positive
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.	positive
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!	positive
Durability: My computer has fallen from small heights and has had a few spills on it, but has had no lasting damage to the console with only a light plastic case on it.	positive
It feels very well built.	positive
The metal is very expensive feeling.	positive
I received a dud and have had nothing but problems since right after I purchased this horrible machine.	negative
They have now basically replaced everything inside my machine, told me there was a problem with the hardware, so I now have a &amp;#34;refurbished&amp;#34; machine.	negative
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...	negative
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!	positive
This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair.	positive
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.	positive
This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.	negative
(It's a lemon).	negative
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.	negative
I've had it for more than a year, and I've found that no anti-virus software is needed, as long as you don't download anything without being 100% sure that it's from a legitimate source.	positive
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.	negative
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.	negative
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.	negative
