This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...	positive
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.	positive
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.	positive
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.	positive
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.	positive
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.	positive
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.	positive
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.	positive
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.	positive
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.	positive
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.	negative
Like the price and operation.	positive
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	negative
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!	negative
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	positive
Peformance is good for the price.	positive
It's fast and has excellent battery life.	positive
I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.	positive
the speed is fine.	positive
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.	positive
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.	positive
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.	positive
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	positive
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.	positive
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.	positive
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.	positive
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.	positive
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.	positive
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.	positive
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	positive
Love the speed, especially!	positive
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.	positive
Great, quick laptop for the money.	positive
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;	positive
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	positive
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed	positive
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled	positive
Good monitor and performed well.	positive
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.	positive
Excellent speed for processing data.	positive
Fast, great visual!	positive
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.	positive
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	positive
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.	negative
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me.	positive
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.	negative
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.	negative
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.	positive
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.	positive
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.	positive
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.	positive
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.	negative
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.	positive
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.	positive
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.	positive
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.	positive
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
It has worked fine.	positive
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.	positive
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.	positive
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.	positive
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!	negative
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.	positive
This machine delivers.	positive
Boots up fast and runs great!	positive
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.	positive
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.	negative
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.	positive
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.	positive
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.	positive
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.	positive
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors!!!!	positive
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.	positive
Very fast boot up and shut down.	positive
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.	positive
The only time I have restarted is during system updates.	positive
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.	negative
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!	negative
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once.	negative
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again.	negative
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.	positive
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated	negative
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update, so if you don't save your files and information, everything will be lost.	negative
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.	positive
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.	positive
Runs smooth and quick.	positive
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.	positive
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.	positive
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.	positive
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.	positive
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.	positive
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.	negative
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.	positive
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.	positive
It just works flawlessly!	positive
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.	negative
No I am generous calling it slow.	negative
its more like a snail crawl.	negative
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.	positive
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.	positive
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.	positive
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.	negative
They don't crash.	positive
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.	positive
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	positive
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	positive
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.	positive
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.	positive
It is super fast, and always loads.	positive
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.	positive
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.	positive
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.	positive
Not working = bad	negative
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.	negative
2) Blue screen first month	negative
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.	negative
The internet speed is spectacular.	positive
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.	positive
The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.	negative
When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.	negative
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	negative
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.	negative
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.	positive
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.	negative
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.	positive
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.	positive
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.	positive
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.	positive
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	negative
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!	negative
very very slow laptop.	negative
Very fast and efficient!	positive
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!	positive
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.	positive
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.	positive
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.	negative
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.	positive
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.	negative
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.	negative
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.	negative
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.	negative
The performance is awesome.	positive
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.	positive
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	positive
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	negative
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.	negative
I can't even turn it off.	negative
It's catatonic.	negative
Great battery, speed, display.	positive
It WORKS!	positive
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.	positive
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.	negative
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.	negative
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on.	negative
This computer periodically crashes (Office, IPhoto, Safari).	negative
It takes a long time to get on the Web and to change Web Sites.	negative
Locks up she searching for updates.	negative
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.	positive
It has a stunning retina display, and is very fast.	positive
Also, the sound quality from the speakers is crystal clear, and everything is just sleek and smooth.	positive
Fast.	positive
Works very well.	positive
Fast enough for my purposes.	positive
Great PC, light and powerful.	positive
Performs as advertised, if not better!	positive
a bit ugly,but works good	positive
Keeps freezing	negative
Works beautifully.	positive
Works good and is fast enough for me.	positive
The Computer Is Horrible Its To Slow.	negative
I have so much trouble turning the computer on.	negative
It comes on for seconds then shuts itself off.	negative
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.	positive
It is a thing of beauty and fast enough.	positive
When you click and don't wait.	positive
So yes, it is ridiculously fast.	positive
It's just a little slow.	negative
Terribly slow...	negative
Start up time took forever everything runs very slowly.	negative
I find that it often gets very slow and I have to restart more than usual.	negative
Also very quick laptop!	positive
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer	positive
The New Macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time.	positive
Extremely slow.	negative
Computer runs very slow!	negative
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.	positive
Excellent performance, especially given its price point.	positive
Don't expect much in terms of performance from this laptop.	negative
fast easy	positive
I have had it over a month now and it works just fine.	positive
I bought it simply for Excel on Windows for work since I have a Macbook Air and literally the thing freezes and lags opening Excel or my web browser.	negative
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing	negative
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!	negative
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.	negative
its very fast and very light.	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	negative
It powers on/off very quickly, and it loads up automatically.	positive
Slow	negative
Speed is great, easy to set up and get going.	positive
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.	positive
I wasn't disappointed in its performance.	positive
Still giving it a 5 star rating because it is fast and a nice sized screen.	positive
I replaced stock drive with WD Black 7K drive and is still quite slow.	negative
It works fine for a PC in this price range.	positive
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.	positive
I would highly recommend this computer it is FAST!!!	positive
I am experiencing the system little slower than what I have expected.	negative
The system sometimes lags a lot.	negative
Easy setup, and delivers all the functions we need.	positive
IT DOES NOT TURN ON - IF I TAKE THE BATTERY OUT IT MIGHT WORK, NOT SURE IF IT'S A BAD BATTERY OR COMPUTER!	negative
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.	positive
Things just work, they are fluid, easy to use and understand, fast and work well.	positive
Performance wise, it's a bit slow, but that's to be expected from a Celeron-class processor.	negative
The sound is great and it's fast.	positive
Everything seems to be running smoothly.	positive
It has a quick start up and shut down time.	positive
Been using it for about 4 hours now and it seems plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.	positive
The i7 is incredibly fast, the RAM makes it proper for several games (not on maximum quality).	positive
I use it for school, its quick and has everything I need on it.	positive
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.	positive
The product is average and works well.	positive
Very good performer for the price.	positive
Not blazing fast, but quick enough.	positive
It is quiet runs smoothly.	positive
I really like the video option on it, I stream movies on Amazon Prime and Netflix and there is no lag.	positive
it stopped working 31 days after purchase.	negative
it was slow and might be problematic.	negative
CRASHED only 2 days from getting it!!!!	negative
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.	positive
Functions well.	positive
3.Fairly fast.	positive
Battery power laptop had difficulties computing.	negative
This clunker however stopped working after only two weeks of having it delivered.	negative
It would have a full charge yet would turn itself off for no explainable reason after being on for 5 minutes.	negative
The second one, after a little over a month, refused to turn on even with a full charge.	negative
It takes a long time to load any page.	negative
I've had it for a minth and so far it's shut down completely 3 times.	negative
I am not ultra tech savvy but I can tell when it works slow!	negative
I barely have any files or downloads and its almost impossible to get this thing to load.	negative
It's clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down.	negative
However, this laptop far exceeded my expectations when I bought it for college, I only use Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials, run a virus scan maybe once a week and it has ran smoother than butter for the past two years.	positive
It is quite impressive at multitasking, which really surprised me.	positive
I can have tabs open while playing YouTube videos and it handles it impressively well.	positive
this computer is very slow	negative
In all my life i have never come across a computer as slow as this one, it cant perform basic operations and is practically useless.	negative
I just received the laptop and if it runs like this already cant imagine how it would work in the next couple of weeks.	negative
It took almost 20 minutes to boot up.	negative
It has a decent feel to it, sharp display and is fast enough.	positive
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.	negative
Laptop automatically shuts down when battery life reaches 30%.	negative
The laptop is fast.	positive
Now I have dual booted my laptop to Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu 14.04 and it's not got too slow either.	positive
But, it works really slowwwwww!!!	negative
It has got me feel like to take years to successfully open a web page.	negative
But other than that, I really am loving the quality and speed.	positive
It hangs, freezes and just isn't working properly.	negative
I have now been waiting almost a minute for the computer management window to open!	negative
Very fast and good for most steam games.	positive
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.	positive
I'm very happy with it, typing on it right now and it is fast enough for that!	positive
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.	negative
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.	negative
Now the speed is disappointing.	negative
Start up is fine  maybe 20 secs at most, but then to get pages to load on internet is molasses at times.	negative
Even for a 4GB RAM it barely chugs with 3 tabs open.	negative
Also, I have no regrets about going with the 8GB RAM because its super fast.	positive
The laptop is very responsice with the Core i7 processor and 8GB of RAM and the sound out of the Beats audio is great.	positive
I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top performing laptop.	positive
The Dell is quick enough, sturdy, not good with finger prints.	positive
Works well, fast and no reboots.	positive
s.... L .... o..... w....  rea......llllyy  slow.	negative
like seriously  - really slow.	negative
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.	positive
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.	positive
I bought my Macbook Pro in October of 2012 and 2 years later it still works as flawless as ever!	positive
The thing wakes up super fast and is always ready to go.	positive
it runs fast!	positive
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.	positive
Well, my first impressions are that its OK, it certainly boots up quickly (thanks SSD!), and from the limited use so far (no games) its fast enough in normal usage.	positive
Within a day of usage, it already slowed down significantly, virus entered the system right away.	negative
My Apple mac book pro has crashed three times, since I purchased it.	negative
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.	positive
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.	positive
It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems!	positive
We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed.	positive
It runs faster than it did when I got it.	positive
It takes less time to power up, and if you just close the case it go into sleep mode.	positive
WHen you open it wakes up almost immediately.	positive
It has the latest i7 CPU with a GTX 950M for GPU, which makes this laptop blazing fast (boots up in under 5 seconds, with the help of the SSD of course).	positive
Very quick to get it up and running with a minimum setup time right after you open the box.	positive
The first one arrived and it did not work.	negative
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.	positive
I've been using Apple's since 1992 and this is the fastest and best one I've  had.	positive
This is very fast, high performance computer.	positive
It fast and easy to set up.	positive
I had cloned my data from my old computer using  Carbon Copy Cloner (CCC) and simply moved everything to the new computer  and was off and running at speeds I had only dreamed up before.	positive
- Quick boot-up, and runs efficiently.	positive
The screen definition is superb and it fires up super quick and same to close down.	positive
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.	positive
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.	positive
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.	positive
Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP.	positive
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
All works beautifully but Windows 8 is taking a bit of getting used to.	positive
It's light, fast and has great battery!!	positive
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.	positive
I can run most games to a good quality without seeing any lack of speed.	positive
This thing boots in just a few seconds which is nice.	positive
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.	positive
Furthermore, Mac OS X Mountain Lion's Gate keeper prevents the user from downloading malware and trojans, which keep your data safe and your computer running at optimum speed.	positive
Very pour performance.	negative
It takes for ever to wake it up.	negative
Sometimes It stops receiving wifi signal, so I have to restart it.	negative
It is very slow and not responsive.	negative
I tested it, it worked great.	positive
He received it, and one day later it DIES.	negative
The laptop refuses to start, we have troubleshooted all areas, still fails to start.	negative
Cannot even get to bios.	negative
Just a click and a BLACK SCREEN.	negative
We got two days of operation from this laptop.	negative
The machine now has 10 gigs of RAM and it works just fine.	positive
Three years ago I had purchased this bad boy and it still runs great!	positive
2. 8 gig ram needed if you are as productive as I am (DJ, photography, movie making, etc) its quick!	positive
2. Sometimes when I stared mine up it would take a few extra minutes to boot on, other times it is a few seconds	negative
Mine has been though hundreds of parties, weddings, quinces, anything involving performances, it can take it!	positive
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!	positive
Pros:  o It usually runs very smoothly, but Apple has an excellent support team that is always willing to help customers.	positive
Computer seemed sluggish for an Intel Core i5 device.	negative
Runs fast, the touch screen hasn't lost any sensitivity, I'm overall very happy with it.	positive
I still have weird freezing problems with it and it's pretty slow, but it's not pinpointed enough yet for me to take it in.	negative
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!	positive
Well she was right, Whatever in the world took me so long to get a computer that just works.	positive
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	positive
Before and after I resolved that issue, I saw the damn 'beachball' all the time as the computer tries to figure out what the hell it's doing while I wait for it.	negative
I spend so much time waiting for it.	negative
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.	negative
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.	positive
From time to time I get the 'spinning beach ball' that holds up progress.	negative
