This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...	positive
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...	positive
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;	positive
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.	positive
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.	positive
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.	positive
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.	positive
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.	positive
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.	positive
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	positive
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.	negative
It is easy to use and lightweight.	positive
Easy learning curve.	positive
It is so much easier to use	positive
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.	positive
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.	positive
Simple to use, and great graphics.	positive
It was secure and easy to navigate.	positive
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.	positive
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.	positive
The laptop was very easy to set up.	positive
Everything was so easy.	positive
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.	positive
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	positive
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.	positive
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.	positive
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;	positive
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key.	positive
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.	positive
It is super easy to use.	positive
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.	positive
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.	positive
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.	positive
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.	negative
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.	positive
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.	positive
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.	positive
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.	negative
That's the downside for me.	negative
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.	positive
Couldnt not use it.	negative
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.	negative
Registration/1st use is easy.	positive
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.	positive
The ease of set up was terrific.	positive
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever.	positive
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.	positive
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.	positive
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all.	positive
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.	positive
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.	positive
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	negative
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	negative
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	negative
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.	negative
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems.	negative
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	negative
i love to use it it is esay and light.	positive
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.	positive
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.	positive
That includes transferring my music and movies.	positive
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.	positive
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.	positive
Everything about this computer is easy to use.	positive
Memory is upgradable.	positive
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.	negative
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.	positive
It was very easy to just pick up and use--	positive
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.	positive
It is easy to navigate and update programs.	positive
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.	positive
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.	positive
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.	positive
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.	positive
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it.	positive
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.	positive
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.	positive
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.	positive
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.	negative
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.	negative
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.	negative
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.	negative
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.	negative
It is the easiest computer I have ever used	positive
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.	negative
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.	positive
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!	positive
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.	negative
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.	negative
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!	negative
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.	positive
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.	positive
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.	positive
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.	negative
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.	negative
I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.	negative
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.	positive
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.	positive
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.	negative
I couldn't even install linux on it.	negative
Was easy to set up and has been easy to learn to use it.	positive
It's easy to operate and it's very light (my parents are almost 60 yo, they can't carry a heavy computer while traveling).	positive
Nice and light, seems to help your work instead of becoming work itself.	positive
It's light and easy to use, though.	positive
Supper east to use.	positive
The New Macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time.	positive
It has a wide screen and it's easy to use.	positive
The Lenovo software that comes preinstalled may qualify as bloatware but is easily removed if you're not interested in it.	positive
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing	positive
The pair allow for seamless navigation throughout the whole interface.	positive
fast easy	positive
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing	negative
Speed is great, easy to set up and get going.	positive
It is very difficult to use this computer.	negative
Too many steps to get anywhere and hard to set up	negative
Easy setup, and delivers all the functions we need.	positive
I even installed a windows partition to be able to run Windows software.	positive
Things just work, they are fluid, easy to use and understand, fast and work well.	positive
I'm also not a fan of Windows 8, but fortunately I can install whatever I want on the laptop without issue.	positive
Great laptop light and very versatile	positive
it was easy to set up.	positive
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.	positive
The machine is easy to use, has the power it needs for personal use and some light professional work.	positive
My laptop was easy to set-up, and I've had no problems to date.	positive
So to communicate I need to wear ear plugs or a headset with a built-in mike.	negative
That's a nuisance for family Skype calls...only one can speak at a time.	negative
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.	negative
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...	negative
Battery power laptop had difficulties computing.	negative
It's been a very easy transition moving my Windows created files over to the Mac.	positive
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.	negative
I was unable to download iTunes to it.	negative
Cons:Honestly zero con's ... as a Windows PC user the switch over was seamlessly,  I run Parallel when I need Windows.	positive
All my devices work flawlessly.	positive
impossible to use.	negative
cant even read properly.	negative
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.	positive
I can use it as a tablet,as a laptop, as whatever I want to!	positive
The snappy processor allows for me to quickly upload photos and videos, as well as create movies for me and my colleagues to enjoy.	positive
because it is a touch screen you don't even need a mouse.	positive
Lastly, because it can flip 360 you can comfortably lay down in bed and have the keyboard facing down as you watch a show closer without having to adjust your sitting position for the keyboard.	positive
This MBP is clean, neat, and simple.	positive
Not a big deal for me, but if you Skype a lot or are gaming a regular headphone set with a separate jack for the headphone sound and microphone input will not work on a Mac.	negative
Blends in with any accessory you use with it.	positive
Very quick to get it up and running with a minimum setup time right after you open the box.	positive
I find it hard to navigate from screen to screen.	negative
This Mac allows all of that.	positive
It fast and easy to set up.	positive
I had cloned my data from my old computer using  Carbon Copy Cloner (CCC) and simply moved everything to the new computer  and was off and running at speeds I had only dreamed up before.	positive
The MacBook pro already understands how to jump through hoops and acts more like a friendly guide.	positive
This computer is amazing for the individual who does not want to do any extra work via their understanding of their laptop.	positive
Positives:  - No matter what position, this laptop will stay in it.	positive
2-in-1 Capability- The ease of switching this laptop into a tablet is a huge plus.	positive
I love the flexibility of being able to fold it over like a tent and watch movies, without having the keyboard in the way of things.	positive
Also, if after reading some reviews and doing some research I found out that this laptop is easily upgradable and easy to work on which is another big plus.	positive
Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP.	positive
Way to go and enjoy both worlds.	positive
I immediately did the Windows 10 upgrade and haven't had any issues.	positive
When the MacBook Pro arrived, I helped her transfer all of her schoolwork from the PC to the Mac... an easy drag-and-drop process utilizing a flash drive.	positive
So I simply pulled one 2GB stick from the machine and installed the 8GB stick in its place.	positive
3. Cannot manually take battery out, unless you work for apple or have the tools	negative
The laptop is so easy to work with.	positive
Like it was designed for what people would want to the system to do, very user-friendly.	positive
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.	positive
Be sure the programs you need will work on a MAC before you buy one!	negative
Usability: The MacBook Pro is very easy to use and can be used by someone who doesn't necessarily have extensive knowledge on computers.	positive
o It is extremely user friendly.	positive
o Others have problems with the applications depending what they need to use the device for, for example engineering majors need extra applications &amp; systems to do some work, but they are easily downloadable.	positive
Power on - good luck finding it.	negative
The simple look of icons and format makes it easy to navigate through programs and download files.	positive
Replacing the harddrive in this laptop is extremely easy, a couple screws on the back to remove the backplate and the harddrive is pretty much plug and play.	positive
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!	positive
I'm no power user, but I have had no learning curve with the MAC and I don't do anything geeky enough forcing me to learn the OS.	positive
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.	positive
This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair.	positive
Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge.	positive
Opening photoshop takes FOooooooRRREVER, as do all programs that do not begin with an 'i'.	negative
I can almost always fix that quickly by clicking on the 'Show all bookmarks' icon (the open book icon at the upper left).	positive
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.	positive
This computer I used daily nice compact design.	positive
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.	positive
I plugged it into my existing printers and it just worked, no fuss no muss.	positive
It immediately recognized the printer and was ready to go.	positive
