This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!	positive
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.	positive
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.	positive
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.	positive
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper.	negative
So, you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item.	negative
I would  say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.	negative
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.	positive
I have not have any problems.	positive
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.	positive
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.	positive
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!	positive
It can't get any better.	positive
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.	positive
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!	positive
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.	positive
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.	positive
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.	positive
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.	positive
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.	positive
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.	positive
I'm very happy with this machine!	positive
I don't really have a complaint.	positive
Perfect trifecta!	positive
I would recommend this product.	positive
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.	negative
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!	negative
So far, a great product.	positive
it is the worst computer dell ever made.	negative
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.	negative
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!	positive
I am very Happy!	positive
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.	positive
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!	negative
Buyer Beware.	negative
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!	negative
But, for the cost this is a winner.	positive
I absolutely love my mac!	positive
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!	positive
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.	positive
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.	negative
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.	negative
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait.	positive
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.	positive
It is amazing.	positive
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.	negative
Was very much worth the price i paid.	positive
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.	positive
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!	negative
Do not  buy it!	negative
It is the worst laptop ever	negative
i love ths notebook.	positive
I have loved this since i took it out of the box.	positive
I like it!	positive
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.	positive
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.	negative
This is a great machine!	positive
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.	positive
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.	positive
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!	positive
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.	positive
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.	positive
I love this little one.	positive
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	positive
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars.	positive
Very happy.	positive
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.	positive
HELP, HELP, OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER.	positive
Love it.	positive
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.	positive
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased.	negative
It was over rated!	negative
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.	positive
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.	positive
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!	positive
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!	positive
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.	positive
I like the laptop overall.	positive
This is a great little computer for the price.	positive
I'm very impressed.	positive
It is everything that I would want in a computer.	positive
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.	positive
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba, purchased specifially for attending online schooling.	positive
I am very pleased with my purchase!	positive
This laptop serves all my needs.	positive
Great product.	positive
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.	positive
It's a great product for a great price!	positive
Just what the doctor ordered.	positive
I cannot be happier with the service or product.	positive
Summary: Spend your money elsewhere	negative
Love it so far.	positive
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.	positive
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.	positive
Otherwise, I love it!	positive
It Was a great deal after all.	positive
I LOVE it!	positive
I should have bought one a long time ago.	positive
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.	positive
Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.	positive
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.	positive
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.	positive
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.	positive
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.	positive
Money and time well spent!	positive
Highly recommended!	positive
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.	positive
So glad I decided to upgrade!	positive
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.	negative
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.	positive
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?	negative
All I can say is W-O-W.	positive
This laptop is insane!!!	positive
This is definitely a computer worth the money;	positive
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.	positive
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.	positive
DEFINITELY recommended!!!	positive
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.	positive
But the Macbook is the best!	positive
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.	positive
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.	positive
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.	positive
Great, quick laptop for the money.	positive
I love everything about it.	positive
This mac is great!	positive
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.	negative
Just don't waste your time and money on this.	negative
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS	negative
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.	positive
Now they are believers in the product.	positive
This little netboook is helping me get work done!	positive
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.	positive
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.	positive
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.	positive
So far, so good!	positive
This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	positive
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.	positive
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".	positive
But, I would recommend this product.	positive
Satisfy what I paid for it.	positive
I would highly recommend this one to my friends	positive
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.	positive
All in all great item highly recommend it.	positive
i would have to say that overall its great!	positive
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	positive
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into	positive
Overall for the money this is a good deal.	positive
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.	positive
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.	positive
returned it to walmart.	negative
Its a good laptop for its value.	positive
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.	positive
Simply amazing computer!!	positive
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.	positive
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	positive
There is nothing to complain about the system.	positive
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.	positive
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.	positive
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...	positive
another satisfied customer.	positive
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.	positive
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers.	positive
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!	positive
I would definitely suggest this laptop!	positive
This computer was awful!	negative
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.	negative
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall?	negative
Yeah, I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire.	negative
That's how frustrating it was.	negative
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.	positive
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing.	positive
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.	negative
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER--------LOU	negative
This is a great value for the money.	positive
This is a great computer.	positive
We haven't had any problems with it at all.	positive
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.	positive
But let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional.	positive
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.	positive
Oh, it is such a great piece of equipment.	positive
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!	positive
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.	positive
this is starting off good.	positive
What a great little laptop.	positive
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!	positive
Excellent product for the money.	positive
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.	positive
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.	positive
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.	positive
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment.	positive
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).	positive
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.	positive
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.	positive
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.	positive
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.	negative
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part.	positive
Let me start with the good:So awesome.	positive
This one has had the same effect.	positive
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	positive
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.	positive
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.	positive
So, buyers beware!	negative
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.	positive
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.	positive
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!	positive
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!	positive
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!	positive
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!	positive
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.	positive
Overall, still a very nice machine.	positive
I'm pleased.	positive
The acer one compuer is a great computer.	positive
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.	positive
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.	positive
Heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it as a gift for someone.	positive
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.	positive
Im very happy with this computer!	positive
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.	positive
i love to use it it is esay and light.	positive
i can use it for all of my needs.	positive
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me.	positive
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.	positive
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.	positive
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!	positive
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!	positive
From the start, when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine.	positive
Let me tell you, this machine is great.	positive
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one.	positive
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.	positive
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.	positive
I like it so much, I bought another just for my wife.	positive
I am very happy with this laptop.	positive
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.	positive
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.	positive
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.	positive
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it.	negative
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.	negative
Don't waste your money!	negative
The laptop is gorgeous.	positive
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky!!	positive
Overall this laptop is great.	positive
Save your money and go for a better device.	negative
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	positive
I Love my new computer!	positive
Thank you for your great product!	positive
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.	positive
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since.	positive
I love it so much.	positive
GREAT INVESTMENT!	positive
I love my macbook pro!	positive
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it.	positive
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!	positive
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.	negative
It doesnt work worth a damn.	negative
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!	negative
I am taking back today.	negative
Don't waste your money or time.	negative
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.	negative
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.	negative
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!	positive
I highly recommend this product!	positive
So far so good with this laptop.	positive
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!	positive
I HATE this one.	negative
Thinking about returning it	negative
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.	positive
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it.	positive
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action.	positive
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.	positive
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.	positive
So far, so good.	positive
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.	negative
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned.	positive
For me, five stars is not enough.	positive
I love the 15" MacBook Pro.	positive
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.	positive
All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone.	positive
I love it!	positive
They definitely have a superior product!	positive
he can't stand it.	negative
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am.	negative
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.	negative
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.	positive
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more.	positive
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!	positive
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!	positive
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !	negative
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.	positive
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.	positive
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	positive
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.	negative
I would not recommend this product to anyone.	negative
Good laptop for the money.	positive
Its also FUN to use!	positive
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	positive
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.	positive
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more.	positive
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.	positive
My MacBook Pro is no exception.	positive
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	positive
Shiny	positive
This Laptop is the Best of the best!	positive
The Awesomest of the awesomest.	positive
It is so great, I can Hardly ever take my hands off it!	positive
My friends are in awe every time they come over!	positive
I got it for Christmas, and I was so excited to set it up!	positive
I am just amazed.	positive
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!	positive
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.	positive
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.	positive
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.	positive
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.	positive
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.	positive
5) Cut my losses and sold it for parts	negative
what an elegant, wonderful machine.	positive
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.	positive
I really wish I had done this years ago.	positive
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.	positive
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.	negative
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.	positive
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst.	negative
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop.	negative
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.	negative
I would recommend not buying this product.	negative
I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do very much with.	negative
I hate it.	negative
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.	negative
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.	negative
returned it.	negative
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.	positive
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.	positive
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...	negative
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.	negative
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from!	negative
The perfect notebook...	positive
I'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE.	negative
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.	positive
So, if you're thinking of a laptop, I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook for all your needs!	positive
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.	positive
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!	negative
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	positive
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer	negative
I hate to say this, but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back, then I would.	negative
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.	negative
It's a bummer and one out of five is being kind.	negative
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.	negative
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.	negative
I highly recommend that you buy this product.	positive
I Hate it!	negative
I LOVE IT!	positive
I can't say enough good for it!	positive
It's A MAC!!	positive
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66GHz 15" Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go.	positive
it's just a great toy to have around.	positive
Amazing machine.	positive
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!	positive
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!	positive
I never have had a good result with this computer.	negative
I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.	negative
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund.	negative
i cant believe HP put this out.	negative
do not buy you will be disappointed.	negative
i'm returning mine	negative
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.	negative
I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.	positive
At first when I got this product, I loved it.	positive
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.	positive
Not worth it one bit.	negative
Very disappointed!	negative
Don't buy this model.	negative
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will.	negative
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?	negative
I'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC.	positive
The benefits were immediate!	positive
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!	positive
I've saved a lot of time and headaches so far, using my new MacBook Pro.	positive
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.	positive
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.	positive
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!	positive
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it!	positive
We are addicted to the Mac.	positive
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone.	positive
Great laptop that offers many great features!	positive
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.	positive
Buy it, love it, and I promise you won't regret it.	positive
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!	negative
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!	positive
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.	positive
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.	positive
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.	negative
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.	negative
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.	positive
So this was great for me.	positive
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.	positive
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it.	positive
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.	positive
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	positive
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one.	positive
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13" in April, and I loved it.	positive
I was so happy with my new Mac.	negative
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.	negative
My house is now 100% Macbook.	positive
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be.	positive
I really don't like it, but I am stuck.	negative
VERY disappointing:	negative
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.	positive
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made.	positive
I love this computer.	positive
Other than that I don't have one complaint in the world!	positive
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.	positive
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.	positive
Count me as extremely satisfied, it's a perfect computer.	positive
I just bought this computer from the Apple Store, and I couldn't be more impressed with it.	positive
This computer is good for anything, and it has really superseded my high expectations.	positive
Great product, and couldn't be happier with it.	positive
awesome laptop, i love it	positive
I love my new ThinkPad!	positive
It gives me everything I need from a computer and with the long lasting battery, it also gives me mobility.	positive
It was a great purchase.	positive
Great laptop.	positive
Would purchase again.	positive
A good value for the money.	positive
Quite pleased with it.	positive
I'm glad to have it and it showed up in only a few days.	positive
It does everything I need.	positive
When I saw this I grabbed it.	positive
It has met all my needs.	positive
Just what I expected.	positive
I don't have any complains about this computer	positive
Outstanding laptop and very well built.	positive
One of the best thing i have bought in years.	positive
Great PC, light and powerful.	positive
Is just amazing.=)	positive
Do not buy a mac until this issue is resolved.	negative
WONDERFUL machine;	positive
glad I bought it.	positive
SUPER LAPTOP!!	positive
Will probably get another one for my wife!	positive
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.	positive
If your on a budget.... Save up longer.	negative
This laptop isn't worth a single cent.	negative
Just save your money and get something better.	negative
awesome!	positive
It's not what you pay for.	negative
I'm warning you, You're wasting your money on this	negative
Love the computer.	positive
Had to return the computer.	negative
Would have exchanged instantly - but had to use as if for College immediately.	negative
Unimpressed.	negative
Terrific laptop.	positive
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board.	positive
Otherwise this is a great computer great prices.	positive
Good product for a good price.	positive
The Computer Is Horrible Its To Slow.	negative
not a good computer at all.	negative
We returned two days later.	negative
Great price and computer!	positive
They loved it.	positive
Would not recommend.	negative
Pretty good laptop.	positive
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.	positive
the screen is big, and everything was as described	positive
Amazing computer,  perfect for school.	positive
I've had my Lenovo for a little over a month now and it does everything i want it to do and more.	positive
i really have nothing negative to say about it.	positive
it is a great value for what you get.	positive
I get giddy every time I use this thing.	positive
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming	positive
for the price this is a super product out of the box.	positive
five starts	positive
i just love this ultrabook	positive
I love this computer, this is my first ever Mac (I'm 21) and it took a little while to switch over from the OS I was used to, but it was a fast learning curve.	positive
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.	positive
I love this computer!	positive
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer	positive
This is what I was looking for.	positive
At my age, I need this kind of laptop.	positive
slow processor, just not it	negative
Been using Lenovo ThinkPad Edge laptops in our business for several years now and have no complaints about any of them.	positive
Great Laptop!	positive
Does what I need it to do and the price was right!	positive
Great laptop from Apple!	positive
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.	positive
Well worth the extra cost.	positive
I can appreciate why she recommended it!	positive
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.	positive
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!	positive
This laptop is absolutely horrible.	negative
There is a chance mine is defective but regardless I'm not going to try another one this is a terrible product.	negative
I'd much rather bite the bullet and spend a little more for a product that actually meets minimum computing expectations for 2014.	negative
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.	negative
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing	negative
Great labtop..	positive
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!	positive
I've only had this computer for a few days an I already don't like it.	negative
I will be returning it.	negative
If people are writing bad reviews about this laptop then believe what they say.	negative
the computer is very wonderful.	positive
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.	positive
great product.	positive
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing	positive
I absolutely love my Dell Inspiron!	positive
For $250, I highly recommend!!	positive
I am returning it...	negative
GREAT value laptop!	positive
Very pleased so far.	positive
All in all, it's well worth its price tag.	positive
Great laptop for the price.	positive
Still giving it a 5 star rating because it is fast and a nice sized screen.	positive
Overall good but processing power isn't very good.	positive
I bought it for my parents (late 60s) and they love it - particularly the keyboard and screen.	positive
Terrific value for the money.	positive
Highly recommended.	positive
Killer computer.	positive
I would highly recommend this computer it is FAST!!!	positive
I don't like it at all...	negative
This laptop is amazing!	positive
Despite the fact that there's no optical drive, everything is perfect.	positive
I love this laptop!	positive
DO NOT RECOMMEND!	negative
Awesome laptop!	positive
More than enough for my use.	positive
Love everything about this laptop!	positive
I would definitely recommend this!!	positive
I love this laptop to the moon.	positive
It's exactly like the picture and I AM SATISFIED.	positive
Great laptop light and very versatile	positive
This is going to be random and unorganized, but here are my thoughts on the laptop:So far so good after a month.	positive
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.	positive
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.	positive
It's so damn good I bought 2 :D	positive
I am very happy with this computer.	positive
It is exactly what I expected, and the price is excellent!	positive
You are getting what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more.	positive
Been using it for about 4 hours now and it seems plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.	positive
But for the price its good.	positive
Perfectly adequate.	positive
Great PC.	positive
Nice laptop.	positive
I use it for school, its quick and has everything I need on it.	positive
Used to love HP products, but this has soured me on the whole company.	negative
By far the best laptop I've ever had.	positive
I had a great experience purchasing my Dell Inspiron i3531-1200BK 15.6-Inch Laptop.	positive
My laptop was easy to set-up, and I've had no problems to date.	positive
Did not disappoint me at all.	positive
Lenovo is the best laptop.	positive
We haven't used it enough or had it long enough to give it 5 stars, but so far it has been a very good laptop.	positive
We like this new laptop -- a lot!	positive
This lap top is good so far.	positive
it was slow and might be problematic.	negative
i would shop around for a better one.	negative
I should have bought something better.	negative
Other than a hate of windows 8, she just loves it.	positive
LOVE IT!	positive
I'm very happy with my Acer, it does just for what I need it.	positive
I love this laptop.	positive
Although I've had it for less than a week, I am very satisfied.	positive
Does all that was advertised.	positive
If it had a 4,5 star option, that is what I would give.	positive
This is a big disappointment.	negative
I have had Dell Desktops for years, so had no qualms about buying a Dell laptop.	negative
I'm so disappointed.	negative
It's truly a great laptop for the price.	positive
For $250, which is as much as my graphics card alone cost, this laptop is an incredible value.	positive
It does everything I need it too!	positive
Very nice computer	positive
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.	positive
In all my life i have never come across a computer as slow as this one, it cant perform basic operations and is practically useless.	negative
Please people dont make the same mistake i did.	negative
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!	negative
Would be a very nice laptop if the mousepad worked properly.	positive
If they can fix this, I think it would be a very nice, cost-effective laptop.	positive
I'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of getting a replacement I decided to try a different one.	negative
This laptop is nice.	positive
I would love to keep this laptop, but will be sending it back and looking for a different brand.	negative
Initially I liked the product so much.	positive
I am not satisfied with the product.	negative
It's an amazing laptop.	positive
Most of the things about the laptop is awesome except the touchpad.	positive
I am loving it completely.	positive
Purchased it for my birthday and love it!	positive
I'm so glad that I have.	positive
Expensive but worth it.	positive
This is without a doubt the worst laptop I've ever had.	negative
And of course, the return window closed last week so now, I'm stuck with it.	negative
I will never buy another Lenovo anything!	negative
I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy this one!	negative
It's definitely not worth the money.	negative
Price makes this the laptop I was looking for.	positive
So far I am very happy with this computer.	positive
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.	positive
I wish I had bought this sooner!	positive
I'm very happy with it, typing on it right now and it is fast enough for that!	positive
I like everything about this laptop.	positive
Excellent buy.	positive
The worst computer I have ever laid my eyes upon.	negative
Just not for me.	negative
The computer is as expected, and worth the money.	positive
Hands down one of my best and most used purchases thus far.	positive
The Mid-2014 MacBook Pro does no disappoint...	positive
Cons:Honestly zero con's ... as a Windows PC user the switch over was seamlessly,  I run Parallel when I need Windows.	positive
I'm an amature, so this does more than I can handle.	positive
I'm perfectly satisfied, just have to get use to the new 6.1 system I can't see a problem.	positive
I' doi9ng fine now, and happy as a bug.	positive
The price is great and it does everything I want to do,  Thanks.	positive
It's perfect!	positive
I am really not happy with this computer...	negative
Would not buy it again.	negative
All in all I wish I had waited a bit.	negative
I'm still exploring the various features but overall I am satisfied with my purchase.	positive
The HP Envy 15 has been everything I expected.	positive
I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top performing laptop.	positive
used 6 times black screen returned for refund	negative
It does what it advertises.	positive
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!	positive
Well, my first apple computer and I am impressed.	positive
Glad I did so far.	positive
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.	positive
I completely recommend it.	positive
Excellent value and a must buy for someone looking for a Macbook.	positive
I highly recommend you get one before they are gone.	positive
Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier.	positive
This Macbook Pro is AMAZING!	positive
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.	positive
I've never had any problems with the computer itself (The Macbook charger chords are another story, though).	positive
Bought this laptop from best buy in January 2015.. still loving it.	positive
I use it everyday.	positive
My favorite computer I've ever had!	positive
This computer overall is great!	positive
Great computer.	positive
Very great Apple product as expected.	positive
My new laptop is great.	positive
I would recommend it to anyone.	positive
To be honest I am a little disappointed and considering returning it.	negative
This is a horrible laptop.	negative
I regretted immediately.	negative
Nothing like the description says.	negative
:(	negative
This computer is like...  I'm lost for words.	positive
This is the best switch I have ever done.	positive
I love, LOVE, LOOOOVE!	positive
In upgrading to this computer I can say I have found little to any flaws in the product, hence the 5 star review.	positive
Love this computer.	positive
It has done everything and more that I expected.	positive
I am sure it will be able to do all I need it to do in the future as well.	positive
So far I have no complaints and dont expect many complaints in the future.	positive
This did give some set trouble and i had to call tech support.	negative
its been easy breezy since then.	positive
how could you not love a Mac	positive
so far so good, i have not encountered any issues with this computer.	positive
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.	positive
To a prospective buyer,  08/10/2012  Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.	positive
Was the best decision we ever made.	positive
Never had any issues, no frustrations just great easy wireless, all in one fun!	positive
It's great.	positive
This computer is great.	positive
I am very satisfied with EVERYTHING about this machine.	positive
Like so many others who do this there is a learning curve and I'm excited to do it.	positive
I like that.	positive
Very nice.	positive
I am pleased with my decision, however I have only had this for a few weeks.	positive
There are a few things I am dissappointed with though.	negative
As a student majoring computer science, I really fell in love with this laptop.	positive
All in all I am very happy with this purchase.	positive
And with this price, I don't think you can buy anything better.	positive
All I can say is I am impressed.	positive
It's worth it.	positive
Pay me now, Pay me later.........I am happy with my choice going with this laptop.	positive
I was disappointed.	negative
It seemed like a great computer and a great deal.	negative
For a non-computer savvy person, it was very disappointing.	negative
I like the 13 inch macbooks.	positive
I've been using Apple's since 1992 and this is the fastest and best one I've  had.	positive
This should be more than  enough computer for almost everyone.	positive
I would not hesitate recommending  this to anyone.	positive
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.	positive
Other than that, I love it.	positive
It's portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for.	positive
Everything you'd expect from a Mac.	positive
Only had it a few weeks but doesn't leave my side.	positive
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.	positive
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!	positive
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.	positive
You will not regret buying this computer!	positive
I've been spoiled by the build quality and stability of Macintosh and even this used computer is a gem.	positive
I can bat around all the things that everyone else says, but it's been what we've been using for decades and I have nothing bad to say.	positive
That's the only issue I've ever had since working on Macs in 1995.	positive
However, the HP Envy has definitely met all of my expectations and more.	positive
I have been thoroughly impressed with my purchase thus far and do not regret purchasing it at all.	positive
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.	positive
Overall, I definitely would recommend this product to any college student that is in the market for a new laptop.	positive
I'm actually writing this review on my new MacBook and I love it!	positive
The computer it self is amazing.	positive
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everything I was looking for.	positive
From the moment I received this MacBook it was like a dream come true.	positive
So long story short, if you want an oldie but a goodie this is your laptop.	positive
I highly recommend!!	positive
If your looking to be a trendy hipster who can't live without a Mac, it's a great buy.	negative
Over all very good system and worth it.	positive
This was the ONLY tablet-style computer so far which met my requirements.	positive
I was seduced by this computer, so I took it home.	positive
My first Mac computer and as many before me I just fall in love with it.	positive
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
This is really nice, but I HATE the awkward right mouse clicking.. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunction with Windows 8? 	positive
overall it is just my learning a few things than any downfall with the laptop (the mouse was the only negative I could really see)...	positive
This is a fantastic transformer!	positive
I loved playing with it and the touchscreen was great for the windows 8 platform.	positive
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.	positive
It's a great product and would recommend to anyone looking for a transformer or large touchscreen.	positive
I'm looking forward to needing a laptop update so I can purchase this computer again.	positive
I've only had this for a week Overall I like the computer, it's thin &amp; light and The wireless keyboard works great.	positive
I'm overall very pleased with my new laptop!!!	positive
Overall great for me!!!	positive
This laptop has delivered.	positive
I'm very pleased with the purchase.	positive
I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for.	positive
I'm sure you won't regret making this purchase.	positive
One of the worst pieces of electronics I have ever bought.	negative
There is definitely more to say...	negative
But, hey, it's an Apple.	positive
I wouldn't expect anything less!	positive
If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.	negative
Overall I love it.	positive
First off, AMAZING LAPTOP!	positive
Overall, it is a fantastic laptop.	positive
Get this now!!!	positive
This is a great laptop.	positive
I bought it for college and couldn't be happier.	positive
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!	positive
They really know what they are doing.	positive
If you dont like windows I would suggest trying a Mac.	positive
The investment is worth it.	positive
Have bought several laptops in last several years and hands down this has been the best ever.	positive
I had heard people speak highly of the MacBook Pro for college students, and have not been disappointed through two and a half years of extensive use.	positive
The MacBook Pro has a significant amount of positive attributes that greatly outweigh the negative attributes:	positive
So far so good.	positive
I would run back to computer store and return this expensive toy.	negative
signed: not impressed	negative
I bought this a few months ago and it's holding up fairly well.	positive
Runs fast, the touch screen hasn't lost any sensitivity, I'm overall very happy with it.	positive
This is my first Apple computer and I couldn't be more pleased.	positive
The computer of the people!	positive
I bought my first MacBook exactly 5 months ago and was really happy with my new toy, but what was not my surprise when I turned it on 2 days ago and the screen was completely black.	negative
The best computer I've ever bought.	positive
You wont be disappointed with this computer!	positive
The most disappointing purchase of my life!	negative
I received a dud and have had nothing but problems since right after I purchased this horrible machine.	negative
Otherwise I am happily a  Mac user.	positive
This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value.	negative
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.	positive
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.	positive
I am really sorry I bought this machine.	negative
I was shocked at how much worse this product has been since my first purchase.	negative
This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.	negative
You get what you pay for, right?	negative
I should have known better.	negative
I hope you don't make the same mistake...	negative
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.	positive
I can't believe people like these computers.	negative
Don't waste your money.	negative
My HP seemed great at first, then the problems started.....wireless adapter would just &quot;disappear&quot; and the system said it didn't have a network card.	negative
I don't have the inclination or time to devote to a companies tech support, search functions, or hold times.....dropped the HP and never looked back.	negative
I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price.	positive
I have used this product for only 2 days, but I can't wait to use it more.	positive
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.	positive
When I decided to buy my first computer, I wish I had bought a Mac first.	positive
I'll leave the more technical aspects to those more knowledgeable than myself, and just conclude by saying that I'm delighted with my purchase.	positive
Received this item and everything is great except that my touchpad is reversed.	positive
It's a great laptop, but right now it's annoying to use the touchpad.	positive
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!	negative
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.	positive
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.	negative
