Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.	negative
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.	negative
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.	negative
Well, they don't care a bunch.	negative
But, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anything about my problem.	negative
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.	negative
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!	negative
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!	negative
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!	negative
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!	negative
Acer won't replace the laptop.	negative
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	positive
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.	negative
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem.	negative
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.	negative
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.	negative
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.	negative
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.	negative
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop.	negative
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.	positive
I cannot be happier with the service or product.	positive
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced it	negative
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.	positive
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.	positive
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.	negative
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.	negative
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.	negative
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.	negative
It's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them.	negative
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).	negative
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.	negative
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)	positive
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.	negative
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.	negative
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.	negative
English must have been his third or fourth language.	negative
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test, and it was failing.	negative
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me.	negative
After 4 days, being denied 6 times and told off once, I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt.	negative
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me.	negative
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.	negative
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me.	negative
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.	negative
I Contacted HP  about this situation and was given excuses, without results.	negative
They didn't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement.	negative
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.	positive
One of them seems to have worked.	positive
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.	negative
When calling Dell for help, reurn, or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it.	negative
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.	negative
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.	negative
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.	negative
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.	negative
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.	negative
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.	negative
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.	negative
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned.	negative
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter.	negative
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.	negative
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.	negative
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.	negative
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.	negative
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.	negative
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.	negative
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM.	negative
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.	negative
In those three years, I've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily.	positive
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.	negative
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.	negative
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.	negative
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.	negative
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.	negative
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.	positive
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.	positive
Each time taking about 1 day or so.	negative
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly.	negative
I had to pay for the shipping!	negative
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.	positive
3) Horrible customer support-they lost my laptop for a month-got it back 3 months later	negative
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...	negative
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.	negative
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.	negative
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.	negative
they have not sent a new one nor called.	negative
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand.	negative
Then to make matters worst, there is noone that they can transfer you to.	negative
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.	negative
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.	negative
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.	negative
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.	negative
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.	negative
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back.	negative
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.	negative
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem.	negative
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.	negative
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.	negative
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.	negative
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.	negative
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.	negative
I waited and waited and no laptop.	negative
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.	negative
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.	negative
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.	negative
HP didn't fix it.	negative
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in.	negative
They say sorry out of warranty.	negative
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.	negative
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.	negative
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.	negative
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.	negative
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.	positive
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.	negative
Although my model was listed as recalled, HP denied my claim.	negative
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.	positive
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.	negative
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.	negative
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.	negative
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!	negative
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.	negative
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.	negative
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE!!!	negative
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time.	negative
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.	negative
The rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.	negative
I'm tired of the inept service.	negative
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.	negative
They told me to reprogram the computer, and I didn't need  to do that, and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her  life.	negative
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.	negative
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.	negative
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.	negative
They were excellent to handle our return and post our refund back into our account the next day.	positive
Dealing with HP support is a ridiculous and painful experience.	negative
I have spent more than 2.5 hours on the phone with them (over 4 different calls), only to get no where.	negative
Now I'm looking into the return process, which I'm sure will just be loads of fun, if my prior experience is any indication.	negative
Dell support was awful to deal with.	negative
Each time, Apple can only uninstall to original factory settings for me to start over.	negative
They were great.	positive
It took 3 days to make an appointment at the local Apple store.	negative
I'm not sure what happened next but she came back home crying with a piece of paper in her hand $129 for a new battery, $39 to replace it and $139 for a new keyboard.	negative
I could not believe they did not consider the battery as defective so I went to the Apple store myself and asked for a manager.	negative
He explained to me the battery expansion is 'normal'.	negative
Apple doesn't cover battery expansion under any circumstances not even under their Apple Care.	negative
The battery is simply considered 'consumable' and NOT covered.	negative
I asked the manager if he feels comfortable with me posting the picture of the MacBook Air on the internet with the description that Apple doesn't consider the product defective.	negative
His reply astonished me, looking down at me behind his thick glasses he said: 'Make sure you have your facts straight before you smear!	negative
He didn't specify who are 'they' but from the tone of his voice and his 6'5' posture it indicated something between the SWAT team and a bunch of LAWYERS.	negative
My laptop was under coverage but when I gave it to them for repairs, they quoted me $755 for it.	negative
If I were to have any technical difficulties, the local apple and contact line were able to help me asap, it was quite impressive.	positive
Pros:  o It usually runs very smoothly, but Apple has an excellent support team that is always willing to help customers.	positive
And apple was happy to install the latest osx for free!	positive
The online customer service was awful.	negative
Gave me the runaround for an entire day and treated me like an imbecile.	negative
No one would ever answer my question as to why I couldn't get another new Macbook since this was clearly a factory error and my Macbook was still under warranty.	negative
As a matter of fact, no matter how many times I asked that question, the employees I spoke purposely ignored it.	negative
They didn't say yes and they didn't say no, they just pretended that I never asked it, which was incredibly frustrating.	negative
I've been to the &amp;#34;genius&amp;#34; bar several times (they have been very nice).	positive
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...	negative
I'm sure most people's Macbooks work just fine, but FYI, if you get the factory dud, you're stuck with it and no one at Apple cares or will give a hoot about the money you threw away.	negative
They did not replace the motherboard.	negative
Instead they 'tightened' a loose wire.	negative
It also has a big new scratch on the top cover.	negative
I started it up and it still has the same problem I went in to fix.	negative
So I'm going back to Genius Bar for visit #6.	negative
I think it may have to be 'Apple Don't Care' instead of Apple Care.	negative
They tried to tell me that the battery wasn't covered by the warranty and it costs about $150 to replace.	negative
HP was NO help.	negative
The disks I made wouldn't work.....HP support stated &quot;we're a hardware company, not a software company.&quot;	negative
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.	positive
