and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.	positive
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.	positive
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.	negative
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.	neutral
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.	positive
High price tag, however.	negative
Like the price and operation.	positive
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.	negative
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.	negative
Was very much worth the price i paid.	positive
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	positive
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.	positive
Great pick for portability and affordability.	positive
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.	positive
Peformance is good for the price.	neutral
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	neutral
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.	neutral
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.	positive
True quality at a great price!	positive
This is a great little computer for the price.	neutral
Price and purpose is awesome!	positive
It's a great product for a great price!	positive
I wasn't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money!	negative
It Was a great deal after all.	positive
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.	positive
Money and time well spent!	positive
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.	positive
This is definitely a computer worth the money;	positive
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.	positive
Great, quick laptop for the money.	neutral
Satisfy what I paid for it.	neutral
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.	positive
Overall for the money this is a good deal.	neutral
Its a good laptop for its value.	neutral
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	neutral
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.	negative
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.	negative
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	neutral
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.	positive
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.	positive
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.	positive
This is a great value for the money.	neutral
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.	positive
Excellent product for the money.	neutral
Not super fancy, but not super expensive either.	neutral
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	positive
Good price.	positive
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.	positive
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!	positive
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!	positive
was a great deal i will give that.	positive
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.	neutral
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.	positive
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.	positive
The price and features more than met my needs.	positive
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!	positive
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	neutral
Good laptop for the money.	neutral
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.	neutral
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	neutral
All for such a great price.	positive
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.	neutral
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".	negative
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop	negative
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.	negative
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.	negative
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.	negative
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.	positive
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).	negative
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!	positive
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.	positive
It's super fast and a great value for the price!	neutral
Average performance on almost every benchmark but priced accordingly.	positive
A good value for the money.	neutral
The laptop itself is very good, it could be better, but not bad at all for it's price point.	neutral
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.	neutral
awesome price for a laptop that lasts more than 8 hours without recharging!	positive
It's not what you pay for.	negative
great price.	positive
Otherwise this is a great computer great prices.	positive
Good product for a good price.	positive
Great price and computer!	positive
Pretty premium feel for the low price.	positive
It's a good starter computer that is extremely light on the wallet.	positive
Can not believe the price!	positive
it is a great value for what you get.	positive
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.	positive
for the price this is a super product out of the box.	neutral
It wont wow you with its speed but who can complain at $249.	positive
Does what I need it to do and the price was right!	positive
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.	positive
Well worth the extra cost.	neutral
Excellent performance, especially given its price point.	positive
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.	positive
For $250, I highly recommend!!	positive
GREAT value laptop!	positive
I can't believe this was just $250	positive
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.	neutral
All in all, it's well worth its price tag.	positive
Great laptop for the price.	neutral
D) was under $300 with shipping.	positive
It works fine for a PC in this price range.	neutral
Terrific value for the money.	neutral
A good value on a quality product.	positive
Not bad for the price.	neutral
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.	positive
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.	positive
It is exactly what I expected, and the price is excellent!	positive
You are getting what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more.	positive
But for the price its good.	neutral
Very good performer for the price.	neutral
7.Expensive.	negative
Paid close to $2800 out the door.	negative
It's truly a great laptop for the price.	neutral
For $250, which is as much as my graphics card alone cost, this laptop is an incredible value.	positive
Very good price.	positive
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.	neutral
I was surprised  at  the overall quality and the price	positive
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!	neutral
If they can fix this, I think it would be a very nice, cost-effective laptop.	positive
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.	neutral
Expensive but worth it.	negative
I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy this one!	negative
It's definitely not worth the money.	negative
Price makes this the laptop I was looking for.	positive
The price was good.	positive
This is a great bargain.	positive
The computer is as expected, and worth the money.	positive
The price is great and it does everything I want to do,  Thanks.	positive
Meh...but cheap.	positive
Price is great, wish it didn't have Windows 8, but that is an opinion.	positive
Love the price too!	positive
Everything at a very great price.	positive
Excellent value and a must buy for someone looking for a Macbook.	positive
You can't get any better than this price and it come with an internal disk drive.	positive
Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier.	positive
Overall, a solid laptop for its price.	neutral
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.	neutral
And with this price, I don't think you can buy anything better.	positive
It seemed like a great computer and a great deal.	negative
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.	negative
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.	negative
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.	neutral
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:	positive
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.	positive
By the way...I paid for this particular laptop roughly 2 grand...LOOK AT THE PRICE NOW!	positive
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!	negative
It is the cheapest product in the line of MacBook's	positive
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).	positive
I would run back to computer store and return this expensive toy.	negative
Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs.	negative
This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value.	negative
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.	negative
You get what you pay for, right?	negative
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.	negative
I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price.	positive
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.	negative
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.	neutral
