without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.	positive
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.	positive
Recommended to people as their first laptop.	positive
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.	positive
Not good for a person who gets online daily.	negative
May be better for the occasional web surfer.	neutral
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	positive
Good for every day computing and web browsing.	positive
A great computer for light home use and business use.	positive
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I don't really think that is what this computer is designed for.	neutral
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school.	positive
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.	negative
IT WANT TAKE IT, IT KEEP SAYING ERROR.	negative
This computer is the ideal college companion.	positive
It has everything I would need for a home computer.	positive
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.	positive
Price and purpose is awesome!	positive
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.	negative
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.	neutral
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.	positive
Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.	positive
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	positive
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!	positive
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.	negative
I don't do any high tech stuff on it, just write papers, check mail, and sometimes play games, so I can't reccomend it if you are in the computer field.	neutral
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.	positive
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;	negative
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.	neutral
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;	positive
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.	negative
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.	positive
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;	positive
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.	neutral
This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	positive
I recommend for word processing and internet users.	positive
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.	positive
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.	positive
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.	positive
I am a college student and it has been very useful.	positive
It's wonderful for computer gaming.	positive
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.	positive
It really is perfect for work and play.	positive
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.	positive
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.	positive
Highly recommend for daily use.	positive
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.	positive
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).	positive
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop (my wife and I have another laptop), or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks.	positive
Basic computer.	neutral
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).	neutral
Handles all my basic media needs easily.	positive
It's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs.	positive
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.	neutral
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.	positive
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.	positive
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.	positive
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.	positive
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.	positive
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.	negative
Mac is not made for gaming.	negative
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!	positive
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.	positive
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!	positive
No tutorials on the display.	negative
The book is useless.	negative
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.	negative
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.	positive
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.	positive
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.	neutral
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.	negative
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.	negative
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer.	negative
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.	positive
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.	positive
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	positive
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.	positive
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.	positive
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.	positive
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....	positive
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.	positive
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII.	positive
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!	positive
This is perfect for her field.	positive
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.	negative
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!	negative
I will give advise any prospective buyers this is not great laptop, Its good for web browsing and word processing	positive
Odd - unusual Dell Commands	negative
just what we needed for our daughter to do her on line math class	positive
This is a great home computer.	positive
Good for basic stuff.	positive
Don't try to use to play any pc games or anything.	negative
Just for simple web browsing and media streaming.	neutral
For everyday use, you can't really go wrong with this laptop.	positive
If, like me, you will be paying bills, occasionally reading the news, or just buying stuff on line, Then this is a winner.	positive
If you are a gamer or need it for heavy computer use, get something else.	negative
It's a good starter computer that is extremely light on the wallet.	positive
Like i said, Good for basic stuff and as a starter.	positive
Amazing computer,  perfect for school.	positive
i can run somewhat modern games like Skyrim and Fallout New Vegas with no issues.	positive
CAN EVEN READMY KINDLE ON THIS COMPUTER	positive
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming	negative
This computer is great for someone who is looking to manage their online life(banling, facebook etc) and some basic offline work using MS Office.	positive
Probably not a gaming machine, which I have zero interest in.	neutral
i defenitly recommend it for anyone for office and home work	positive
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing	positive
It gets the job done in terms of having a computer that can browse the web, use Word/Excel, and the like.	positive
This laptop suits my needs: as i am currently studying online and just need a computer for that purpose.	positive
My daughter uses it for college too and it works great for both of us.	positive
Great for web design and general work.	positive
This computer is absolutely perfect for web browsing, watching video, word processing, and that's about it.	positive
If you want a computer that plays games or any advanced tasks like editing video, this computer is NOT for you.	negative
Now when I say don't expect to play games on it, I mean it.	negative
Pretty much every major game save for Solitare won't even play on it due to the slower processor.	negative
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.	positive
It's exactly like the picture and I AM SATISFIED.	positive
If you're the type of person that just likes to browse the Internet and enjoy media and do light work with Microsoft office, this is the laptop for you.	positive
Don't expect it to be a champion performer so if you want to play games or whatever this is not the computer for you.	negative
I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't need much out of a computer.	positive
Its a very basic laptop.	neutral
Other than the slow CPU it works great for everyday use.	positive
Heavy gaming is definitely not it's strong point.	negative
The machine is easy to use, has the power it needs for personal use and some light professional work.	positive
The i7 is incredibly fast, the RAM makes it proper for several games (not on maximum quality).	positive
NEEDS MORE INSTRUCTIONS WITH IT	negative
I only use a laptop for personal use, but this one can't even handle that!	negative
My final thoughts: if you are a Mac user, stay away.	negative
Great for games	positive
However, this laptop far exceeded my expectations when I bought it for college, I only use Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials, run a virus scan maybe once a week and it has ran smoother than butter for the past two years.	positive
If you want to game, this thing can handle League of Legends on medium-low settings, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for gaming.	negative
Overall, a great laptop for simply doing basic things and web-browsing.	positive
Would definitely recommend for those who are "technologically ignorant"	positive
If you're looking for a basic PC this is the way to go.	positive
So far I haven't lost any quality or information.	positive
Though I don't have much installed, I only have 96 of the 278G left!	negative
I have no idea what's taking up all the room, it doesn't make sense.	negative
Very fast and good for most steam games.	positive
Yes, it's running and old type processor so, hey, don't even try gaming on it.	negative
But, if you are just an average user, it works really great.	positive
And the settings are simply annoying.	negative
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.	negative
It's great for what he uses it for.	positive
Of course this will decrease your battery life.	neutral
plus - no russian input ??  wtf	negative
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.	positive
Also, the resale value on this will keep.	positive
I play Sims 4 and 3 on it all the time, with very little issues.	positive
I bought this pc to play games and stream movies! it could handle all of that but my friend wanted me to put some music on a cd!	positive
This laptop is fine for those applications and basic websurfing.	positive
The speakers are fairly basic, so this is probably not the computer to buy if your main aim is streaming music or watching movies.	negative
If you draw on the other hand i'm sure you will love using this in tablet mode.	positive
- It can run games really well.	positive
Well, not really well.	neutral
The Mac book pro is a computer for the disorganized, lazy, and eye candy person in all of us.	positive
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.	negative
Negatives:  - As aforementioned, my only con was the updates.	negative
If you are looking to get a 2-in-1 laptop, this is the laptop you should consider.	positive
It also is nice to be able to play Candy Crush or Angry Birds when in between classes straight from your laptop.	positive
It makes it much more exciting to play!	positive
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everything I was looking for.	neutral
I know people were complaining that it isn't the newest model, but it all depends on what you are looking for.	neutral
This computer is a fantastic tool for word processing, searching the internet, and keeping track of everyday life.	positive
It has a 128 GB storage capacity (but with the option of a 256 GB hard drive) and a 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, so don't expect to be gaming on this computer and make sure you pick up an external hard drive too.	negative
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.	negative
The other Issue I had was the amount of time it takes to update the operating system and all the software when you get it.	negative
Awesome laptop for college!!!	positive
Can be used for gaming as well.	positive
I can run most games to a good quality without seeing any lack of speed.	positive
I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for.	positive
This laptop was made for art, music, beat-making, pictures, movies, graphic design.	positive
The MacBook Pro is useful for college students for many reasons:	positive
Maybe I'm not being reasonable, but I don't feel that's the same as a new computer because I didn't pay for a refurbished computer.	negative
Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs.	negative
I'm a designer turned front-end developer and this computer is unusable for front-end development.	negative
When I had a boot up issue, the HP recovery didn't work.	negative
The disks I made wouldn't work.....HP support stated &quot;we're a hardware company, not a software company.&quot;	negative
I have not tried gaming on it but I have heard that Mac/Apple does not do games well.	negative
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.	positive
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.	positive
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.	positive
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART, I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM.	neutral
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.	negative
Games being the main issue.	negative
This computer is good for anything, and it has really superseded my high expectations.	positive
The HD display is sensational, and now watching any movie is a very enjoyable experience for me.	positive
At my age, I need this kind of laptop.	positive
More than enough for my use.	positive
I liked the fact that it came with Windows 7, but also included Windows 8 to install later if I need it.	positive
I was nervous at first that I purchased a lemon but the user manual explains how to turn on the keyboard  backlight.	positive
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!	positive
